Color Illustrations

1

2

3

4

5

6

Sword Art Online Volume 8 – Early and Late
A Murder Case in the Area

A Murder Case in the Area

7

Sword Art Online Volume 8 – Early and Late
A Murder Case in the Area

Chapter 1
Just what’s with her, this girl?

Well, sure, the one who said “The weather’s so nice, so why don’t
you go take a nap” was indeed me, the one who laid down on the grass
to demonstrate those words was also me, and of course the one who
carelessly fell asleep was me yet again.

But to think that just by taking a short nap of slightly less than
thirty minutes, I would open my eyes to find her soundly asleep right
next to me. There should be a limit to how much someone can exceed
my expectations. I don’t know whether to think this as boldness,
stubbornness, or maybe —— it was simply a lack of sleep?

Just what is with this. Shaking my head left and right with that
thought of utter helplessness expressed on my face, I stared at the
beautifully dignified face of the rapier user Asuna «The Flash» —— the
sub-leader of the guild “Knights of the Blood”, lightly breathing as she
slept.
The story started when I, having lost my mood to go into the
gloomy labyrinth area with how good the weather was, planned to
spend the whole day counting butterflies at the small knolls
surrounding the teleport gate in the main town.

The weather was truly splendid. The virtual floating city
Aincrad’s four seasons is synchronized with reality, but the degree of

8

Sword Art Online Volume 8 – Early and Late
A Murder Case in the Area

accuracy in the replication is really overly rigorous, with the summers
hot without fail daily, and the winters cold as they are supposed to be.
In addition to temperature, there are also rain and wind, moisture,
dust level, and even swarms of insects included as parameters for the
climate. Usually, if one of the parameters was good, you can expect
another to be horrible.

But today was different. The temperature was mildly warm,
genial rays of sunlight permeated through the air, the gentle breeze
blew constantly, yet not overly so, and to top it all off, no weird insects
appeared. Even if it was spring, having this many parameters for the
climate set at good values is an event that occurs no more than five
times a year.
The digital god was probably rewarding me for the hardships I
endured whilst clearing the front lines, and wanted me to lie down for
a nice nap. Understanding this, I was about to follow his will but ——

When I laid down against the lush gentle hill and began to fall
asleep, a pair of white leather shoes crunched down right beside my
head. At the same time, a familiar voice strictly came from above.
Saying thus:

——The clearing group is in the labyrinth zone doing their best,
so why are you here leisurely taking a nap?
With my eyes virtually closed, I replied. Saying thus:

——’Tis weather is most fullsome from that of the year. We canst
do naught but enjoy it to its end.
The strict voice then rebutted yet again:

——The weather hath changed naught from day to day.
9

Sword Art Online Volume 8 – Early and Late
A Murder Case in the Area

To this, I answered thus:

——Rest hither by my side and thou shalt soon understand.

Of course, the exchange proceeded in modern tongue in reality,
but anyway, as a result, she really laid down beside me for reasons
unknown to me, and actually managed to fall into a deep slumber.
Now then.

It was currently before noon, some of the players going to and
leaving from the teleport gate plaza were staring without restraint at
Asuna and I neatly lying side by side on the lush field. Some of them
stared wide-eyed in shock, some giggled and there were even a few
impolite ones flooding the area with flashes coming from recording
crystals.

Then again, they can’t really be blamed. When speaking of the
sub-leader of the KoB, Asuna, a conquest monster that could make
crying kids quiet down, or a turbo engine that continues to push down
the front line at a surging quick pace is what comes to mind. And as for
this solo player, Kirito —— although not quite to my liking —— the
top delinquent of the clearing group, who always hung out with a
bunch of frivolous guys, and played stupid games with them.

With that particular combination taking a nap together, even I,
one of the people involved, felt like laughing. Even though I say that, I
would be the one suffering if she were to get angry after I wake her up,
so leaving her there was probably my only choice.
——The desire to do so was great, but I couldn’t actually do it.

Because if «The Flash» had continued to sleep soundly like this,
she may be targeted by all sorts of harassment —— and not to mention
—— at worst, she may even be PKed.

10

Sword Art Online Volume 8 – Early and Late
A Murder Case in the Area

It’s true that where we are at now, the central plaza of the main
street area of the 59th floor was still within the «area».

More accurately, it should be said to be the «Anti-Criminal Code
Effective Area».

Inside this area, players are definitely unable to hurt other
players. Even if they used weapons to hack at each other, there would
only be a purple system effect, and the other player’s HP bar wouldn’t
drop by even one millimeter, with the various poison-causing items
having no effect as well. Of course, theft of items and such is also
impossible.

In other words, the area was just like what the term “AntiCriminal” meant; with no way to carry out criminal acts directly. This is
an absolute rule in this death game called «SAO», on the same level
with the rule that «Once the HP becomes zero, it means death».

rule.

But unfortunately, there were still some loopholes around this

One of them is when the player’s sleeping. There are times when
players, with their energy exhausted through long durations of battle,
are basically unconscious when they go into a deep sleep, and unable
to wake up even with some stimulations. With that opportunity, one
could raise a request to duel in «Complete Decisive Mode» and moved
the sleeping opponent’s finger to press on the OK button. All that was
left was to literally make the opponent sleep like the dead.

Another method, that’s even more daring, was to drag the
opponent’s body out of the area. The player lying on the ground
couldn’t be forcefully moved through the protection of the «Code», but
they can be moved about freely if placed on the «Stretcher» item.
11

Sword Art Online Volume 8 – Early and Late
A Murder Case in the Area

These two methods were actually used by people in the past. The
«Red»s’ evil passion can be said to be completely out of our
imagination. Right now, all the players were taking such tragedies as a
lesson, and would definitely sleep in player homes with doors that can
be locked, or inns. Even for me, I’d use the «Searching Skill» before I
sleep to set up an alarm nearby and wouldn’t dare to sleep soundly
before that.
——However.

At this moment, «The Flash», fast asleep beside me, was
doubtlessly letting out delta waves recklessly. She probably wouldn’t
wake up even if I took out a make-up item to draw graffiti on that face
of hers. Seriously now, I don’t know whether she’s really daring or
stubborn or——
“Maybe...she’s really tired.”

I muttered.

In SAO, even though it depends on the build as well, solo play will
be the most effective for those who are aiming to level up. However,
this girl was not only spending time intently watching the leveling
progress of the other members in her guild, but also leveling up at
almost the same rate as me. I guessed she must have sacrificed lots of
sleep to train on mobs even late at night.

I too, have memories of the difficulty of doing that. The me from 4
to 5 months ago was similarly immersed in such hardcore experience
gaining, and I would sleep for several hours, during which I felt like I
was dead, completely unable to be woken up.

I swallowed a sigh, took out a drink from my storage to get ready
for the long battle, and sat back down on the grass.

12

Sword Art Online Volume 8 – Early and Late
A Murder Case in the Area

I was the one who told her to sleep. In that case, I should have the
obligation to stay here until she woke up.
As the orange sun revealed its face from the outside of the
floating city, Asuna «The Flash» finally woke up with a soft sneeze.

I believe that she’d been sleeping for well over 8 hours. It wasn’t a
simple problem of her taking a nap anymore. Having accompanied her
without getting to eat lunch, I looked forward to seeing this cold and
cool sub-leader-sama’s interesting reaction upon understanding the
situation at the very least, as I stared at her fixedly.
“...Unyuu...”

Asuna muttered something strange, blinked a few times, and then
looked up at me.
Her perfectly shaped eyebrows frowned slightly. She used her
right hand to push herself off the grass shakily, and then shook that
chestnut-colored hair of hers before looking right, left and right again.
Lastly, Asuna looked at me who was sitting beside her crosslegged once more——

Her transparent-like snowy-white skin immediately flushed red
(most likely, out of embarrassment), and then turned somewhat blue
(most likely, she’s thinking hard), and finally, reddened out once again
(most likely, out of extreme rage).
“Wha...yo...wh...”

I gave my biggest smile to «The Flash» who was again muttering
strange things to herself yet again, and spoke.
“Good morning. Did you sleep well?”

13

Sword Art Online Volume 8 – Early and Late
A Murder Case in the Area

Her hand, covered by the white leather glove, jolted.

However, as expected of the sub-leader of the strongest guild,
Asuna seemed to have succeeded on the saving throw for restraining
her rage as she neither drew her rapier nor immediately ran away.

She just gritted those elegantly glossy teeth of hers, from which a
short phrase was forced out,
“...One meal.”
“Ha?”

“A meal. I’ll treat you one, no matter how expensive. We’re even
with that. How’s that.”

I don’t hate this girl’s straightforward personality. She, who has
just woken up, immediately understood why I’d spent so much time
accompanying her until she awoke. Not just to prevent PKs, but even to
the extent of allowing her to relieve the fatigue she’d built up, letting
her sleep for as long as she wanted.
I curled my lips —— without a trace of sarcasm this time ——
and smiled before answering with an okay.

I actually wanted to use this chance to joke and say that we
should just go over to her house to eat her self-prepared food, but I still
managed to control this impulse in the end. I raised my stretched-out
legs and used the recoil to stand up, then offered my right hand as I
said,

“The restaurant on the main streets of the 57th floor is rather
good, despite being run by an NPC. Let’s go there.”
“...Fine.”

14

Sword Art Online Volume 8 – Early and Late
A Murder Case in the Area

Asuna coldly grabbed onto my hand and stood up before sharply
looking away. She raised her hands up high as if she was about to
breathe in all of the sunset air into her lungs.

1 year and 5 months have already passed since this death game
called «Sword Art Online» began operating.

Before we knew it, almost 60% of the 100 floors of the floating
city of Aincrad, which we first thought was extremely distant, were
conquered, with the foremost front line at the 59th floor currently. The
time taken to clear each floor on average was thus, 10 days. As for
whether such a speed was fast or slow, even I, who was more
knowledgeable about the clearing, couldn’t tell. However, with this
constant clearing speed, «A sentiment to enjoy life» seemed to develop
in the upper-median floors, regardless of how meagre it was.
On the main street of the 57th level «Marten», such an
atmosphere was rather abundant. This large street that’s only 2 floors
away from the front line had inevitably turned into the base camp for
the clearing groups, as well as a tourist attraction. With the arrival of
evening, the place would become extremely busy with the players
returning from the front line above, or those coming from lower floors
for dinner.

Asuna and I, who came down to Marten through the transfer gate
on the 59th floor, walked side by side on this main street crowded with
people. The many people we passed by who widened their eyes,
startled, gave a feeling not at all pleasant. It’s no wonder that they
would have such an expression, since this aloof, beautiful woman,
reputed to even have a fan club, had a very suspicious looking solo
player walking brazenly by her side. I guess Asuna really wanted to use
all of her agility to rush into the aforementioned shop, but
15

Sword Art Online Volume 8 – Early and Late
A Murder Case in the Area

unfortunately for her —— or perhaps fortunately, only I knew where
the shop was.

As I pondered upon how there wouldn’t be such a chance again
even until the last day of SAO as we walked on for about 5 minutes, on
the right side of the street, I could see a somewhat large restaurant.
“Over here?”

Asuna looked at the shop with a relieved, as well as suspicious
expression, and I nodded to her.
“That’s right. I recommend the fish here over the meat.”

I pushed open the swing door and held it, and the rapier user just
looked nonchalant as she walked in.

The voice of the NPC waitress welcomed us in, and as we started
to move around in this somewhat crowded shop, I could still feel
several stares being shot at us. The mental fatigue on me was starting
to weigh a lot more than the happiness in my heart. It’s not easy being
stared at like this every day.

However, Asuna was unaffected as she passed through the center
of the shop, and immediately headed for the table deep inside, beside
the window. I awkwardly pulled out the chair, upon which she sat
down in a fluid manner.

Somehow, it appears that the one being treated was forced into
the role of an escort, but I still sat down in front of her. There’s still the
fact that I could feast without holding back, so I ordered the appetizer
with a wine, the main course and even the dessert, all in plentiful
amounts, before heaving a sigh.

16

Sword Art Online Volume 8 – Early and Late
A Murder Case in the Area

Asuna immediately drank up the beverage in the flute glass that
just arrived, then just like me, let out a long sigh.
She used her light brown eyes that had let their guard down
somewhat to look at me, and murmured to me with a barely audible
voice,
“We...anyway, for today...thanks.”

“Heh!?”

Asuna stared at me, who’s looking shocked, and said again,
“It’s a word of thanks. For guarding me.”
“Ahh...no, well, erm, y- you’re welcome.”

Normally, in our clearing group meetings, I would often debate
with her intensely over the weaknesses of the boss and the positioning
of the vanguards and the rearguards, so after hearing such an
unexpected thanks, I was really flabbergasted. Asuna then chuckled
and leaned back against the chair. She then stared off into the sky with
a expression much more gentle than before, and whispered,

“It felt like...that was the first time...I slept so soundly since I came
here...”
“Is...Isn’t that an exaggeration?”

“Not at all, it’s true. Normally, I’ll sleep for 3 hours at most before
waking up.”
I wet my mouth with the sour-sweet fluid in the cup and asked,
“That’s not because the alarm clock woke you up?”

“Yeah. It’s not as serious as insomnia...but I would get a nightmare
and end up waking up.”

17

Sword Art Online Volume 8 – Early and Late
A Murder Case in the Area

“...I see.”

My heart suddenly felt a sharp pain. Someone had once said the
same thing to me before, and that person’s face flashed through my
mind.

I then finally noticed the ever-ordinary fact that «The Flash» was
a living player too, and pondered on how to answer.

“Er...well...how do I say this. If you ever want to take a nap outside,
just tell me.”

The words sounded stupid even to me, but Asuna smiled again
and nodded,
“That’s true. If there’s a day with such great weather settings
again, I’ll leave it to you.”

On seeing her smile, I noticed that this woman in front of me was
a beauty of a near unbelievable scale once again, and was immediately
at a loss for words.

Luckily, the NPC who brought the plate of salad over killed the
current awkward atmosphere. I immediately took up the mysterious
spice atop the table and sprinkled it on the mysterious vegetables of
various colours, and then used the fork to stuff them into my mouth.

After wolfing down for a while, I randomly grumbled to avoid the
earlier tension,

“Thinking about it, even though it’s not beneficial to us
nutritionally, why are we eating vegetables?”
back.

“Eh— but it tastes good.”

Asuna elegantly chewed on what looked like lettuce, and argued
18

Sword Art Online Volume 8 – Early and Late
A Murder Case in the Area

“It’s not disgusting per say...but if only there’s mayonnaise or
something.”
“Ahh—that’s right. I agree.”

“And salad sauce...tomato sauce... and...”
““SOY SAUCE!!””

Both of us shouted out at the same time and started laughing
together——
But at the next moment,

A scream of what is unmistakably, horror, could be heard in the
distance.
“...KYAAAAAHHHHH!!”

————!?

I took in a breath and raised my waist as my hand reached for the
sword on my back.
Asuna, who also put her right hand on the hilt of the rapier,
whispered in a sharp tone,
“Outside the shop!”

She shouted and immediately kicked the chair away before
running to the entrance. I also hurriedly chased behind that white
knight outfit.

As we ran out to the road, another ear-piercing scream like that of
silk being ripped could be heard.

The voice most likely came from the plaza a building block away.
Asuna glanced at me first, and then sprinted south with all she had.

19

Sword Art Online Volume 8 – Early and Late
A Murder Case in the Area

I continued to chase this profile that was like pure white lighting.
As the spikes of the boots ground on the pavement scattered sparks
about, I turned east and finally rushed into the round plaza in front of
me.
There, an unbelievable scene laid before me.

On the north side of the plaza, there was a towering stone
building that looked like a church.

A rope was dangling down from the display window in the middle
of the second floor, and at the front end of a loop —— a man was
dangling there.
That was not an NPC. Perhaps that guy had just came back from
hunting since he had full plate armor with a large helmet on him. The
rope was sinking into the armor on the neck, but the players gathered
at the plaza weren’t screaming in fear for this reason. In this world,
there’s no such thing as dying from suffocation with the use of a ropetype item.

The source of fear for everyone was what stabbed deeply into the
man’s chest, a black short spear.
The guy had both hands grabbed onto the grip of the spear as his
mouth opened and closed. During this time, the wound on his chest
continued to give out a red flash effect like that spilling blood and as it
kept flickering.

In other words, at this moment, the man’s HP was decreasing bit
by bit. It was the «Pierce DoT» trait that only a few of the piercing
weapons had.

20

Sword Art Online Volume 8 – Early and Late
A Murder Case in the Area

It looked like the black short spear was a weapon that focused on
continuous damage. I caught sight of a countless number of spikes
sprouting out from halfway down its shaft.
I recovered from my momentary shock and shouted out,
“PULL IT OUT!!”

The man glanced at me. He then moved his hands sluggishly and
got ready to pull the spear out, but a weapon that’s embedded deeply
inside a body couldn’t be moved that easily. Of course, there’s the
possibility that he’s unable to exert his strength because of the fear of
death.

The man who’s being hanged on the wall was at least 10m away
from the ground. Even with my agility, there was no way I could reach
him if I jumped up.

Then, could I use a throwing pick or something to cut the rope?
But if I missed the rope and hit the man, and if his HP ended up
dropping to zero...

Normally speaking, this place was still «Within the area», so
there’s absolutely no chance of that happening. But speaking of which,
if that were the case, that spear wouldn’t cause any damage.
ears.

As I was stuck in my indecision, Asuna’s sharp shout entered my
“CATCH HIM FROM BELOW!”

And then, she rushed towards the entrance of the church at a
lightning quick speed. It seemed that she was trying to use the stairs
inside to climb up to the second level and slice the rope.
“Got it!”

21

Sword Art Online Volume 8 – Early and Late
A Murder Case in the Area

I shouted a reply from behind Asuna, and hurriedly ran down to
the spot below where the man in the air was dangling.
——However.

As I ran halfway through, the eyes peeking from the bottom of the
large helmet worn by the man suddenly widened and stared at a
certain spot in the air. I immediately sensed that he was looking at
something.
It was his own HP bar. Or more accurately, the moment it turned
to zero.

Mingled into the shouts and screams of the crowd in the plaza, the
man seemed to have yelled out something.
And then —— a flash of light dyed the night sky blue together
alongside the sound of countless glass breaking. I could only look up
blankly at the polygon fragments that scattered.

The rope that lost the object it was holding slammed against the
wall. A second later, the black short spear that fell —— or the weapon
—— let out a heavy metallic sound as it stabbed into the stone floor on
the ground.

The screams let out by countless players overwhelmed even the
peaceful sounding BGM that filled the town.
I was thoroughly shocked, but I still tried to widen my eyes and
tore through the wide space around the church with my vision. It
should be around —— what I was searching for was something that
would definitely appear.

In other words, «The declaration message of the winner in a duel».
22

Sword Art Online Volume 8 – Early and Late
A Murder Case in the Area

This was the main street, which meant that it’s right smack inside
the effective range of the Anti-Criminal Code. If the player HP was
damaged and even resulted in death here, there’s only one possibility.
The person had agreed to a decisive mode duel and lost.
There was no other way. Definitely.

In that case, with the death of the man, there should have been a
huge system window like «Winner/name, match time
minutes/seconds» appearing nearby. If I see the window, I could
immediately tell who the person who used the short spear to kill the
man in full-plate armor was.
——However.

“...Where is it...”

I couldn’t help but mutter.

The system window didn’t appear. There was no sign of it at all
around the plaza. Despite how it would appear for only 30 seconds.

“Everyone! Please help find the system window that shows who
won!!”

I shouted out loud enough to overwhelm the surrounding
commotion. It appears that the other players immediately understood
my intention as they started to look around for the window.

However, no one shouted out saying that they found the target.
It’s been past 15 seconds.

Did it mean that it was inside the building? Did the window
appear in the room on the second level of the church where the rope
dangled out from? If that’s the case, Asuna should be able to see it.
23

Sword Art Online Volume 8 – Early and Late
A Murder Case in the Area

The moment I thought of that, I spotted the white knight uniform
of «The Flash» at the aforementioned window.
“Asuna!! Is the winner shown there!?”

Normally, I wouldn’t call her name out directly out of fear, but I
had immediately asked her without adding a ‘-san’ just for the sake of
gaining time. However, the face that was as pale as the clothing quickly
shook left and right.
“None! There’s no system window, or even anyone else inside!”

“...Why...”

Moaning so, I looked around as futilely as before. A few seconds
later, I heard a slight whisper.
“...It’s impossible now. It’s been more than 30 seconds...”

I passed by the nun NPC who was always stationed at the first
level of the church and immediately climbed up the stairs deep inside
the building.

The second level was separated into 4 small rooms that were just
like the private rooms in inns, but unlike inns, they couldn’t be locked. I
passed by three rooms, and couldn’t find any players hiding in them,
whether it’s by the «Player Search» skill or by sight. I bit my lips and
walked into the 4th small room where the incident happened.
Asuna, who turned her head to look at me from beside the
window, was still looking strong, but I could tell that her heart was
really shaken. In fact, even I couldn’t hide my tense eyebrows.
“There’s no one else inside the church.”

I reported, and the sub-leader of the KoB immediately asked back.
24

Sword Art Online Volume 8 – Early and Late
A Murder Case in the Area

“Is it possible for the person to have some cloak with hiding
capabilities?”

“Even at the frontlines, I haven’t found anything that can negate
the effects of my player search ability. For added precaution, I’ve
requested other players to block the church entrance. Even if the
person’s invisible, he should come into contact with the other players
and be automatically revealed. There’s no back door here, and this is
the only room with a window.
“Yeah...I understand. Look at this.”

Asuna nodded her head, and then pointed at a section of the room
with her finger that was covered in the white glove.

There was a simple wooden table placed over there. This
furniture that couldn’t be moved was a so-called «Position-locked
object».

On one of the table’s legs, there was a somewhat thin-looking yet
sturdy rope tied there. It was tied, but in fact, that was not actually
done by hand. Someone just needed to call out the rope popup window,
click on the tie button and then chose what to tie for it to fix itself onto
the target automatically. Once tied, the rope would definitely not break
or loosen unless the weight on the rope was beyond its durability or it
was cut by a blade.
The black glossy rope took up about 2 meters length inside the
room before extending outside through the window to the south. One
couldn’t see it from here, but the tip was tied in a loop, and the fullplate armor man was dangling from the loop.
“Hmm...”

As I let out that low sound, I tilted my head,

25

Sword Art Online Volume 8 – Early and Late
A Murder Case in the Area

“Just what’s going on?”

“If this is a normal situation...”

Asuna answered me while tilting her head as well.

“...The duelling opponent of that player tied this rope, stabbed the
short spear into his chest, and then stuffed the victim’s neck into the
loop before thrusting him through the window...something like that...”
“Was he deliberately showing it to everyone...? No, before that...”

I forcefully took a deep breath, and then declared with a clear
voice,

“There was no window of victory declaration anywhere. Not a
single one of those people standing at the plaza found it, you know. If it
was a duel, there should be a window appearing nearby.”
“But...that’s impossible.”

She gave a sharp rebuttal.

“In the «area», the player’s HP bar can only be damaged through
an accepted duel. You should know that as well!”
“...Yeah, that’s truly the case.”

Both of us stared at each other and remained silent.

It’s like what Asuna said; what happened just now couldn’t
possibly happen. And all we knew, was that one player died while
everyone was watching, without the slight idea on who did it, why it
happened, or how it did.

The voices of commotion that continued to come from the plaza
outside the window could be heard. It seemed that they were noticing
the anomaly in this «incident» too.

26

Sword Art Online Volume 8 – Early and Late
A Murder Case in the Area

Soon after, Asuna looked straight at me and said,

“We can’t leave this alone. If someone really found out about
something like a «PK skill inside the area», we’ll have to hurry up and
find it, and announce a way to counter it, or else it will definitely
develop into something huge.”
“...It’s rare for me to have such a moment with you, but I
wholeheartedly agree with you.”

After seeing me nod my head, «The Flash» gave a barely
noticeable wry smile and quickly reached her hand out to me.

“Then, be sure to cooperate with me until this case is solved. I’ll
say this first. There’s no time for naps.”
“Aren’t you the one who’s been sleeping...”
I grumbled softly and offered my hand.

And then, the hastily assembled detective and assistant ——
though the role assignments aren’t clear —— joined together their
hands gloved in white and black tightly.

27

Sword Art Online Volume 8 – Early and Late
A Murder Case in the Area

Chapter 2
After retrieving the rope «evidence», Asuna and I left the room
and returned to the entrance of the church. As for the other piece of
evidence, the black short spear, I had already put it into my item
storage before we moved.

I had requested two players I knew to watch the entrance. I
thanked them and raised my doubts, but no one actually moved
through here. I returned to the plaza and raised my hand to the crowd
watching the commotion before shouting out loud,

“SORRY. TO THE EYEWITNESS WHO FIRST SPOTTED THIS, IF
YOU’RE STILL AROUND, CAN WE TALK TO YOU?”

After a few seconds, a girl timidly walked out from the crowd. I’d
never met this person before. She was equipped with an ordinary onehanded sword made by an NPC. It seemed that she was someone who
came here to sightsee from the middle levels.
What was vexing was that this girl actually showed a frightened
expression after seeing me. Asuna then substituted me and walked in
front of me before saying to her in a gentle tone,
“Sorry for bothering you after you saw such a horrifying thing.
Your name is?”
“I...I’m called «Yolko».”

I really have a slight impression on this slightly trembling voice,
and couldn’t help but ask.

28

Sword Art Online Volume 8 – Early and Late
A Murder Case in the Area

“Were you the one...who gave the first scream?”

“Ye...Yes...”

The female player called Yolko nodded; shaking her slightly curly
deep-blue hair in the process. From the appearance of her avatar, she
was probably about 17-18 years old.
The simple large eyes that were of the same color as her hair
suddenly let out tears.

“I...I...I’m a friend of the person who was just killed. We agreed to
come here to have a meal today, but we got lost here...and...and then...”
It seemed that she couldn’t continue on as she could only use her
hand to cover her mouth.

Asuna gently patted her slightly trembling shoulders and brought
her into the church, there were many benches that were lined together,
and Asuna let her sit down on one of them before sitting beside her.
As for me, I stood slightly further off as I waited for the girl to
calm down. If she saw exactly how her friend was killed viciously, that
would be a huge trauma the likes of which we couldn’t even imagine.
Asuna gently stroked Yolko’s back for a while, and Yolko finally
stopped crying before apologizing in a faint whispering tone.
“It’s alright. We can wait. Can you talk to us slowly once you’ve
calmed down?”
“Yes...I-I’m a lot better now.”

Unexpectedly, Yolko’s rather strong as she straightened her back
while Asuna patted it, and nodded.
29

Sword Art Online Volume 8 – Early and Late
A Murder Case in the Area

“That guy is...called «Kains». We used to be in the same guild...and
would now occasionally team up together or have meals together...and
today, we originally came here to eat...”
She forcefully closed her eyes, and then continued on in a
trembling voice.

“...But there were too many people here, so we got lost at the
plaza...as I was looking around, suddenly, someone —— «Kains»
dropped out from the window of this church and was dangling in the
air...and there was a short spear stabbed into his chest...”
“Did you see anyone else around?”

After hearing Asuna’s question, Yolko immediately quietened
down.
She then slowly and clearly nodded.

“Yes...it was just for a moment, but I felt like I saw...someone
standing behind «Kains»...”
I clenched my fists subconsciously.

Was the criminal in that room? If that’s the case, the criminal
pushed the victim —— «Kains» out of the window and got away while
everyone’s looking.

In that case, the criminal must have used some sort of equipment
with a stealth ability equipment, but such an item effect would
naturally weaken when moving. Speaking of which, does the criminal
have some high level hidden skill to make up for this flaw?

At this moment, my mind thought of the dangerous-sounding
term «Assassin».

30

Sword Art Online Volume 8 – Early and Late
A Murder Case in the Area

31

Sword Art Online Volume 8 – Early and Late
A Murder Case in the Area

Don’t tell me there’s really a weapon system that even Asuna and
I don’t know of? If such a skill can negate the Anti-Criminal code...?

Asuna may have thought the same thing as me as her back
shuddered. However, she immediately raised her head up and asked
Yolko,
“Was that profile someone you know?”

“...”

Yolko closed her lips and pondered for a while, and after a few
seconds, shook her head to indicate that she didn’t. After seeing her
indicate so, it was my turn to ask with my calmest possible voice,

“Well...it may not be the best time to ask this, but do you have any
clues...? Like any reason why Kains-san was killed...”

Just like what I was worried about, Yolko immediately stiffened
the moment she heard that. It couldn’t be helped, since I was asking a
girl who just witnessed her friend being killed whether there was any
reason for revenge. This question may be rude, but it couldn’t be
ignored. If she knew of anyone that hated Kains, that would become a
powerful clue.
But this time, Yolko shook her head again.

I was somewhat disappointed, but I simply said “I see, sorry.”

Of course, it may be that Yolko didn’t know. However, the
criminal that killed «Kains» could either be a real killer or a «Player
Killer» in this MMORPG. In this PK, they’re basically players who
existed to kill other players. The red players who were massacring
through Aincrad in the darkness were this kind of players.
32

Sword Art Online Volume 8 – Early and Late
A Murder Case in the Area

In other words, one person, out of the hundreds of players who
are said to be criminals, killers or have the tendency to be such, may
have killed «Kains» inside the area through such a mysterious means.
To be honest, I really don’t know how to find the killer from so many
people.

Asuna seemed to have reached the same conclusion as she weakly
sighed.
As Yolko indicated that she didn’t dare to walk downstairs alone,
Asuna and I sent her to the nearest inn before returning to the transfer
gate plaza.

30 minutes had passed since this incident happened, and the
surrounding people were starting to decrease in number. However,
there were still about 20 players at the scene. Most of them were
clearing members, waiting for the report from both Asuna and me.

Asuna and I first explained to them that the name of the murder
victim was called «Kains», and the way he was killed was unknown. I
then told them that there’s likely an «Inside area PK» skill that might
exist.

“...That’s how things are. Everyone is to be careful when walking
on the streets. If possible, please warn other players too.”
I concluded, and the rest nodded with a stern expression.

“Got it. I’ll ask those selling information to publish this on the
newspapers...”

33

Sword Art Online Volume 8 – Early and Late
A Murder Case in the Area

A player representative of a large guild answered, and everyone
scattered. I glanced over at the clock in the corner of my eye and found
that it’s just past 7pm, which caused me to be somewhat shocked.
“Then...what do we do next?”

I asked Asuna beside me, and she immediately answered,

“Let’s check the evidence we have first, especially the rope and
short spear. If we know its origin, we might be able to find the criminal.”

“I see...since we can’t find the motive, let’s start from the evidence,
shall we? In that case, we have to use the Inspection skill. You
probably...never added this skill, right?”
“I guess you didn’t too...speaking of which...”

At this moment, Asuna’s expression started to change. She stared
at me and said,
“Can you please stop referring to me with «you, you, you»!?”

“Eh? Ah, I see...then...should I use «-san»? «sub-leader»? Or «The
Flash-sama»...?”

The last one is how her fanclub always called her. What she
thought of that was clearly seen when Asuna’s facial expression
became tense and she burned me through with a laser stare. She then
looked aside and said,
“Just call me «Asuna». Didn’t you call me that before?”
“Un-Understood.”

I, who felt scared, obediently nodded and hurriedly dragged the
topic back.
34

Sword Art Online Volume 8 – Early and Late
A Murder Case in the Area

“As for the Inspection skill...do you have any friends you know of
with it...?”
“Hmm~”

She pondered for a while, and quickly shook her head.

“I have a friend who runs a weapons store, but it’s the busiest
time at this point, and I really can’t ask her to help me out
immediately....”

It’s true that this is the time players who finished their
adventures would run into a weapons store to repair or buy weapons.

“In that case, I’ll have to ask the boss of a merchandise shop. That
large-axe warrior’s proficiency is a little unnerving for me though...”

“Are you talking about...that very tall man? I think he’s called...Agil
or something, right?”

Asuna asked me as I immediately called out the message window
and started typing.
“But the merchandise store should be rather busy now, right?”

“Who cares?”

I answered and immediately pressed the send button.

Asuna and I walked out from the transfer gate, and immediately
reached the main street of the 50th floor «Algade», where the buzz and
chaos remained as usual.

The transfer gate was still in effect, but along the shopping street
on the main roads, there were numerous player shops lined up

35

Sword Art Online Volume 8 – Early and Late
A Murder Case in the Area

together. As for the reason why, it’s because the rent here is
unbelievably cheap compared to the streets on the floors below.

Of course, the area for these cheaply rented shops is very narrow,
and the appearance is dirty. However, some players like such an Asianstyled —— or the messiness of a certain electronics street. I’m one of
them as well, and I recently thought of buying a player’s home here and
using this street as my base.

Amidst the exotic BGM and the cries of selling, I smelled junk food
coming from the stalls and lead Asuna forward quickly. The rapier user
revealed a pair of nice legs from under the mini-skirt of her white
knight uniform, and her looking like this when walking was really too
eye-catching.
“Oi, let’s move faster...OIII!!!”

I realized that the sound of high-heels on the left-rear side was
moving further and further away, so I widened my eyes and shouted.
“HOW CAN YOU JUST BUY THINGS SO RANDOMLY!!!”

«The Flash»-sama, who bought a suspicious looking kebab from a
suspicious looking hawker, took a bite of it and answered nonchalantly,
“We just ran out after eating only salad. Yup...this tastes good.”

She continued to chew and said to me “Take this” as she handed
the other kebab in her left hand to me.
“Eh? For me?”

“Didn’t I say that I wanted to treat you?”

“Ah...ahh...”

36

Sword Art Online Volume 8 – Early and Late
A Murder Case in the Area

I instinctively lowered my head in thanks and received the kebab,
and then realized that the treat the other party was supposed to give
went from a grand meal to a kebab. On a side note, as we ran out of the
restaurant, the expenses of the meal were deducted from our item
window based off the average.
I chewed on the ethnic tasting kebab that had a unique foreign
flavour, thinking that I must eat this girl’s cooking one day, as I headed
forward.
Once the two sticks of kebab were finished, we arrived at our
destination. I let go of my hand to let the wooden stick disappear, and
then wiped my hand that wasn’t dirtied on the leather coat before
talking to the shop owner whose back faced us,
“Hello~ we’re here~”

“...I won’t entertain guys who aren’t customers.”

The boss of the grocery store and the axe warrior Agil grumbled
with an awkward voice that didn’t fit his rough appearance, and then,
said to the customers in his shop,
“Sorry, we’ll be closing shop for today.”

“““Ehh!?””” On hearing the grumbling, the burly shopkeeper
cringed back and apologized as he chased all the customers away. He
then called out his shop management menu to close the shop.
The extremely messy racks automatically closed, and the metal
doors outside let out a creaking sound before closing up. At this
moment, Agil finally turned over to look at me and say,

“I say, Kirito. In the field of business, the most important thing
businessmen look for is trust, and the second most important thing is

37

Sword Art Online Volume 8 – Early and Late
A Murder Case in the Area

still trust. I’ll skip the third and fourth, and for the fifth, if there’s a
chance, I’ll make a killing...”

These strange notes vanished as he noticed the player standing
beside me. Agil’s beard at the bottom of his bald head shook as he just
stood there. Asuna herself was smiling purely as she nodded at him.

“Long time no see, Agil-san. I’m sorry for bothering you at such
short notice, but it’s urgent, and we really need your help...”

Agil’s stern expression immediately eased up, and he patted his
chest saying to leave it to him, and even served us tea.

Men, who are unable to resist their congenital parameters, are
really pitiful.

Agil finished listening to what we said to him in a room on the
second level, and seemed to understand the seriousness of this
situation too as the eyes under his promiscuous eyebrows narrowed.

“Did you say that his HP dropped to zero inside the «area»? ——
Are you sure it wasn’t a duel?”

The giant said with a thick and slightly deep voice, and I, who’s
leaning my body on the back of the chair, slowly nodded.

“In that situation, it was impossible for us not to see the victory
declaration screen, so we should be thinking about it in such an aspect.
Also...even if it was a duel, the victim was going to have a meal, so it
would be impossible for him to accept such a request. Besides, it was in
a «Decisive duel mode» too.”
“He was walking with that girl...Yolko-san before he died, so it’s
definitely not a «Sleep PK».”

38

Sword Art Online Volume 8 – Early and Late
A Murder Case in the Area

Asuna shook the mug-type glass on the small round table and
added on.

“Besides, it’s really too complicated to have a sudden duel like
this. I think we can consider it to be a planned PK. And...with this...”

I opened my window and materialized the rope evidence from my
item storage and handed it over to Agil.

Of course, the end that was tied at the leg of the table was undone,
but the other side was bound into a large loop.
Agil put that loop right in front of me, gave a disgusted look and
snorted coldly before touching it with his large fingers.

He chose the «Inspection Skill» that pops out in the window.
Asuna and I don’t have such a skill, and even if we chose it, we would
only get a failure ignore. However, as a merchant, Agil should be able to
get some level of information.
In the end, the giant used a deep voice to state what only he was
able to see on the screen.

“...Unfortunately, this isn’t created by a player, it’s just a common
item that can be bought in an NPC shop. It’s not of a high rank too. The
durability has already dropped by about half.”
I remember that horrifying scene, and nodded.

“I guess so. Besides, it was dangling a player in full-plate armor.
The weight had to be quite a lot.”

But to a killer, several seconds was enough to drop the guy’s HP
down to zero.
“Never mind. I’m not really expecting anything much from the
rope anyway. The important thing is this.”

39

Sword Art Online Volume 8 – Early and Late
A Murder Case in the Area

item.

I touched my still open item window and materialized the next

The shiny black short spear immediately created a heavy sense of
presence in this small room. In terms of weapon class, this short spear
couldn’t be compared to Asuna and my main weapon, but right now,
that wasn’t the point. This spear was used by someone to cruelly end
another player’s life, and it could be said to be a real «murder weapon».
I cautiously placed the short spear in Agil’s hands to prevent it
from touching anything else.

The entire spear was made from black-colored gold, and this kind
of weapon was really rare. Its length was probably about 1m, and the
base had a grip about 30cm long. At the tip of the handle, there was a
15cm long blade.
The special characteristic of this weapon was that the spear itself
seemed to be covered with short spikes. Once the spear was stabbed
deeply into the enemy, it would create the unique effect of becoming
non-removable because of the spikes. A high strength value would be
required to pull it out.

In this world, the strength power is represented by the value
parameter set by the player and also the signal strength released from
the brain to the Nerve Gear. At that moment, the full-plated guy
stricken by fear —— Kains, was unable to produce clear signals to
move his virtual body, which was why the spear didn’t move even
when he used his hands to grab onto it.
The moment I thought about this, I just felt even more convinced
that this wasn’t just a sudden PK. It may be a «premeditated murder».
This was because the death caused by the «Continuous Pierce damage

40

Sword Art Online Volume 8 – Early and Late
A Murder Case in the Area

DOT» was too cruel. The victim wasn’t killed by the enemy’s own
sword skill or weapon —— but by his own cowardice.

This thought instantly flashed through my mind, and suddenly got
interrupted by Agil, who finished his inspection.
“This is made by a PC.”

Asuna and I immediately pushed our bodies forward and
inadvertently cried out, ““Really?””

A PC created item would mean that this weapon was created by a
player with the «Smelting Skill». There would definitely be a record of
that player’s «name». Also, this short spear is likely to be a one and
only item. Once we directly ask the player, there’s a high chance that
we can know who ordered it.
“Who’s the creator?”

On hearing Asuna’s pressing voice, Agil lowered his head as he
looked at the window and answered,

“«Grimlock»...that’s how it’s romanized. I have never heard of
such a person, so at least he isn’t a top-rated swordsmith. Maybe he’s a
guy who improved his smelting skills only to forge his own weapons...”
If even the merchant Agil didn’t know who this swordsmith is, it
was obvious that Asuna and I wouldn’t; and the room entered a short
silence again.

“However, we should be able to find that person. If he managed to
upgrade his rank to such an extent to create this weapon, he can’t
possibly be a solo player all the time. If you go and listen to gossip in
the middle floors, you’ll definitely find someone who teamed up with
«Grimlock» before.”

41

Sword Art Online Volume 8 – Early and Late
A Murder Case in the Area

“That’s true. There can’t possibly be many people like this idiot.”

Agil nodded, and together with Asuna, looked at this stupid solo
player.
“Wha...What? I-I’ll occasionally party with other players too.”
“Only during boss battles.”

After being told off coldly like this, I could only remain silent since
I couldn’t argue back.
Asuna snorted, and then turned to look at the short spear in Agil’s
hand.
“But...to be honest, even if we find «Grimlock», he probably won’t
say too much to us...”
I agree with that.

The one who killed Kains is actually an unknown red player who
bought this short spear and not the swordsmith «Grimlock» himself.
Using one’s own weapon, recorded with their own «name», to kill
someone will basically be like writing a name on a chopper in the real
world and using it to kill. But speaking of which, the crafter-class
players who have some sort of knowledge and experience should be
able to determine the customer’s intent when designing this weapon.

The «Continuous Pierce Damage DOT» has a rather weak effect on
monsters. Mobs, which act according to the system, don’t show any
signs of fear as well. Even if they’re hit and stunned by the piercing
weapon, they’ll immediately pull that thing out. Of course, the monster
wouldn’t possibly return it nicely to the player, instead it throws it far
away, so it’s impossible to get back that weapon until the battle ends.
42

Sword Art Online Volume 8 – Early and Late
A Murder Case in the Area

Thus, the spear that was created was obviously meant to be used
to deal with other players. Of all the swordsmiths I know of, all of them
would refuse once they know the design.
But Grimlock still created this spear.

He may not be the killer —— we can know his name through
validation —— but he may be a weak-willed person, or even a player
who’s secretly part of a red guild.

“...At least he won’t reveal the information to us easily. If he wants
payment for providing information...”

I just whispered, and Agil shook his head vehemently while Asuna
glared at me.
“We’ll pay half each then.”

“...I understand. I’m on a pirate ship now anyway.”

After shrugging my shoulders, I raise my last question to the
stingy merchant.

“It’s not much of a clue, but just tell me the name of this weapon.”

The bald giant lowered his head for the third time to look at the
window, and said,

“Yes...it’s called «Guilty Thorn». Which means thorns of sin, right?”
“I see...”

I looked at that spiked short spear again. Of course, the weapon’s
name is randomly set by the system, so this name itself shouldn’t
possibly have any «human will» behind it.
——However.

43

Sword Art Online Volume 8 – Early and Late
A Murder Case in the Area

“Guilty...Thorn...”

Asuna’s murmuring suddenly caused a chill in me.

44

Sword Art Online Volume 8 – Early and Late
A Murder Case in the Area

Chapter 3
Asuna, Agil, and me, the three of us headed from the transfer gate
in «Algade» to the lowest floor of Aincrad, the «Starting City».
Our aim was to check the «Monument of Life» that stood within
the Black Iron Palace. We have to at least check whether the
swordsmith Grimlock was still alive before we looked for him.

It was spring, but the large «Starting City» was still basked in an
atmosphere of desolation.

Of course, this wasn’t the result of the randomly generated
weather. The wide streets that were covered in darkness have no signs
of players around, and even the BGMs performed by the NPC band are
all ominous melodies.

Recently, I heard that there’s a certain unbelievable rule —— the
largest guild of the lowest levels, the self-governing organization
«Aincrad Liberation Force» banned players from going out at night. It
looks like this might really have happened. There were patrol troops
wearing similar dark grey armor as we walked down.

And once those guys saw us, they immediately came running over
to us like youth police forces catching middle schoolers skipping class.
They all backed away when they saw Asuna’s absolute-zero stareattack, but such action was really tense.
“...No wonder Algade’s so bustling...the things here are so
expensive...”

45

Sword Art Online Volume 8 – Early and Late
A Murder Case in the Area

After hearing me mutter this out inadvertently, Agil told me a
rumor that was even more horrifying.

“I hear that the army recently intends to start «taxing» the
players.”
“Eh!? Tax? No way...how do they intend to do so?”

“I don’t know about that...maybe they’ll automatically deduct
from monster loots?”

Agil and I just stupidly joked around like this, but once we
stepped on the stone floor of the Black Iron Palace, we immediately
shut up.

As its name stated, this place was a large building assembled with
black glossy pillars and metal boards. The air inside was obviously
colder than outside. Even Asuna, who moved forward quickly, seemed
to be so cold that she’s rubbing her exposed arms.
Maybe the reason no one is inside is because it’s so late at night.

During the day, many people won’t believe in the deaths of their
friends or lovers and come here to check. Once they see a line
mercilessly drawn on the name they’re looking for, they’ll normally
start crying out loud. I guess Yolko, who witnessed the death of her
friend Kains will still come here tomorrow to check. In fact, even I did
the same thing not too long ago, and right now, I haven’t managed to
completely step out from that painful memory at all.

Just like that, we walked into the empty lobby, lit by blue flames.

Asuna and I arrived at the «Momument of Life» that extended
10m sideways, and we stared at the portion that started with the letter
«G» in alphabetical order.

46

Sword Art Online Volume 8 – Early and Late
A Murder Case in the Area

Agil continued to walk to the right. Asuna and I held our breaths
as we looked at the names mentioned, and seemed to find that name at
the same time.
«Grimlock». On it —— there’s no line.
“...Still alive.”

“Yeah.”

Both of us heaved a sigh of relief at the same time. Slightly further
away from us, Agil was looking at the «K» column, and immediately
said to us with a serious look,

“Kains’ definitely dead. The date of death is the month of Sakura,
22th, 18:27.”

“...The date and time are correct. That’s the time we left the
restaurant.”

Asuna muttered and looked down, lowering those long eyebrows
of hers. Agil and I said a silent prayer. The Romanization of «Kains»
should be read just as it was written. We checked with Yolko before.

After finishing all we had to do, we left Black Iron Palace and
exhaled all the air held within us. Unknowingly, the BGM on the streets
became a slow waltz used late at night. The NPC shops have all closed
down, and the few street lights were the only things lighting the streets.
The patrol troops of the «Army» had disappeared.
We silently returned to the plaza where the transfer gate was, and
at this moment, Asuna suddenly turned to look at me.
“...We’ll start looking for Grimlock tomorrow.”
“You’re right...”

47

Sword Art Online Volume 8 – Early and Late
A Murder Case in the Area

I nodded my head in agreement. Agil’s thick eyebrows frowned.
“Well...my main occupation is a merchant, not a warrior...”

“I know. That’s all for you now, you merchant.”

I slapped him on the shoulder and pat him. Agil gave a relaxed
expression, but sheepishly whispered a sorry in apology.

This good old bruiser isn’t really thinking that «business is
priority» or «it’s really troublesome to investigate». He just doesn’t
want to meet that player who created such a short spear that killed
someone. Of course, he’s not scared; quite the opposite actually ——
he’s worried that the rage he normally vented on monsters would
suddenly explode.

Agil left us with a ‘Do your best, you two’, and vanished into the
transfer gate. Asuna was ready to head back to headquarters for a
while, so we disbanded for today.

“Let’s meet at the transfer gate at the 57th floor at 9am tomorrow.
You must reach there on time, and don’t oversleep.”

On hearing Asuna say this in the tone of a teacher or an older
sister —— even though I don’t have one in the real world —— I could
only smile wryly and nod.
“I got it. You should be the one sleeping properly. If you’re
worried, I can be on standby beside——”
“NO NEED!”

After leaving these words behind, the sub-leader of the KoB
quickly turned around and leapt into the transfer gate, leaving a red
and white afterimage behind.
48

Sword Art Online Volume 8 – Early and Late
A Murder Case in the Area

I, who was left behind, could only stand in front of the gate that
was giving off blue and white lights for the time being and sort out
what happened throughout the entire day. At first, it was just a simple
«Today’s weather is good», and yet I ended up being «The Flash»
Asuna’s nap guard; and just when both of us finally managed to go for
dinner, we ended up involved in a murder case inside the «area», and
now I became either a detective or an assistant taking on the murder
mystery.
Of course, every single day in the floating city Aincrad «isn’t
normal», but it’s been 1 and a half years since the death game started
on November 6th 2022, and most of the players, including me ——
were at least living in the middle levels. Most of us will deliberately
forget about our lives in the real world and focus on surviving in this
«Daily Life» that’s composed of swords, fighting, gold coins and
dungeons.

But the incident today caused me to end up in another kind of
abnormality. I don’t know whether this will become some permanent
thing that is to come...

As I thought about it, I took a few steps forward, entered the blue
transfer gate and used a verbal command to send me to my current
accommodation —— the main street area on the 48th floor, «Lindas»;
a floating sensation surrounded me with a strong glow.

As my feet landed on the ground once more, I stepped forward
onto the stone floor of a different color, and the surrounding scenery
immediately changed. It’s been less than a week since I used the main
street of Lindas as a base, but I like this city with rivers flowing all
around the streets and water cars moving about. However, it’s past
10pm now, and the streets were covered by the night scenery. Either

49

Sword Art Online Volume 8 – Early and Late
A Murder Case in the Area

way, the sound of blacksmiths at work no matter where I was during
the day had completely disappeared.

I left the transfer gate, pondering on whether I should obediently
follow through on the promise I made to the sub-leader-dono and go
straight to sleep or get a drink in a bar run by an NPC. At that
moment——
6-7 players suddenly surrounded me.

I immediately got ready to draw the sword on my back. Even if I
was surrounded by dozens of people, I wouldn’t be in danger as long as
I was in the «area» —— but such common sense became a little
unreliable after the events of these past few hours.

I only moved my right fingers and controlled my urge to draw my
sword.

I’d met all the people in this group. They were members of the
largest clearing group «Divine Dragons Alliance». I spoke to one of
them, who could be said to be one of the executives, standing amongst
the people lined up in a semicircle.
“Good evening, Schmitt-san.”

I took the initiative to smile and greet him, and this burly long
spear user seemed to be at a loss for words, but he immediately
frowned hard and said,

“...Kirito-san, I’ve something to ask you, so I came all the way here
to wait for you to come back.”
“Heh, I don’t think you’ll be asking about my birthday or blood
type...”

50

Sword Art Online Volume 8 – Early and Late
A Murder Case in the Area

I instinctively joked, and the thick eyebrows under his sports club
ace-like short hair twitched.

We’re on the clearing group, and we don’t really have an
antagonistic relationship, but I just can’t get along with the people of
the «Divine Dragons Alliance» . In comparison, my relationship with
the «Knights of the Blood» under Asuna’s lead may be a little better.

The reason why we can’t get along is due to the fact that while the
«Knights of the Blood» aim to «clear the game with the fastest possible
speed», the «Divine Dragons Alliance» members aim to get «the honor
of the strongest guild». They basically wouldn’t team up with other
guilds and wouldn’t openly reveal information about training fields.
Also, they have a very thick-skinned insistence about dealing the last
attack to the boss —— due to the loot and the bonus experience.
On the other hand, if I think about it in another way, this group of
people may be considered to be enjoying this game called SAO, so I’ve
never especially begrudged them for this. However, since I’ve refused
to join their guild twice, our relationship can’t be considered good.

Right now, the 7 of them looked like they’re surrounding me by
forming a semicircle with my back facing the transfer gate, but they
must have calculated the distance before. This distance wouldn’t cause
players to feel that they’re «boxed» and unable to move, but if I wanted
to move out, I’d definitely touch one of them, and I’d naturally think
first if I were to make such a rude act. This formed a «suspicious
cornering» situation.

I really endured the urge to sigh and changed my tone to ask
Schmitt,
“I’ll answer all I know. What do you want to ask about?”

51

Sword Art Online Volume 8 – Early and Late
A Murder Case in the Area

“The PK incident inside the area on the 57th floor in the evening.”

I’d already expected that answer as I nodded, leaned on the stone
wall and folded my arms in front of my chest before using an eye
expression to prompt him to continue.
“I heard that it wasn’t a duel...was it?”

He used a deep magnetic-like voice to ask, and I thought for a
while before shrugging my shoulders and answered,

“That’s what I can confirm. No one at the scene saw the window
indicating the winner. Of course, there may be some sort of reason why
no one at the scene managed to find out.”
“...”

Schmitt’s squarish jaw immediately closed up, and the armor
below his neck let out a sound.

The members of the «Divine Dragons Alliance» have to wear
armor with silver and blue as the base color. The 2m length long-spear
on his back was showing itself fully as the sharp tip had their guild’s
triangular flag tied on it.

After a short moment of silence, Schmitt said with a deeper voice,

“I heard that the player who was killed is called «Kains»...is that
true?”

“The friend who witnessed this entire incident did say this. I’ve
just checked Black Iron Palace. The date and cause of death are exactly
the same.”
I saw his thick neck gulp for a bit, and finally started to feel
suspicious. I tilted my head and asked him,

52

Sword Art Online Volume 8 – Early and Late
A Murder Case in the Area

“Do you know the deceased?”
“...None of your business.”

“Oi oi, why is it that you’re the only one who can ask...”

I just spoke halfway through when he suddenly growled at me
angrily,

“YOU’RE NOT A COP, RIGHT!? IT SEEMS THAT YOU DID LOTS OF
INVESTIGATIONS SECRETLY WITH THE SUB-LEADER OF THE KOB,
BUT YOU TWO DON’T HAVE THE RIGHT TO KEEP ALL THE
INFORMATION TO YOURSELF!”

He let out a roar that even those outside the plaza could hear, and
the other members around him showed troubled looks as they looked
around. It seems that Schmitt never told them the specifics and just
wanted them to form numbers here.

In that case, it seemed that the «Divine Dragons Alliance» itself
may not be involved in this incident, but Schmitt himself was. As my
mind memorized this, a right hand covered with a metal gauntlet
reached out in front of me.
“I know you took the PK weapon from the scene of the crime.
That’s enough investigations you’ve done. Hand it over to me.”
“Oi oi oi...”

Such an act is obviously a breach of etiquette.

In SAO, any unequipped weapon dropped on the ground, or a
weapon stabbed into a monster and taken away will have its owner’s
data erased after 300 seconds. The item then belonged to the person
who picked it up, no matter whether it’s based on the system or
53

Sword Art Online Volume 8 – Early and Late
A Murder Case in the Area

generally. That black short spear’s owner data was removed once it
took Kains life, and so, based on the system, it belongs to me now.

It wasn’t like there weren’t situations where people forced other
people to hand over free weapons —— but that spear was a weapon
and critical evidence. Since I’m not a cop or a military policeman, so I
have no intention of keeping it to myself.

Thus, I just openly sighed and waved my hand to call out the item
window.

I used my right hand to grab onto the materialized black short
spear, and thought of acting cool as I stabbed it hard into the stone
floor between Schmitt and I.

*KLANG!* The short spear let out a large spark and stabbed into
the ground. Schmitt was shocked by my action as he took half a step
back,

I looked at it closely again, and found that the design of this
weapon was really spine-chilling. Of course, this weapon that was
designed to kill players isn’t anything good. I looked away from the
drop only I could see, and used a very soft voice to say to this longspear user,
“I saved you time on inspecting this item. The name of this
weapon is «Guilty Thorn», and the blacksmith that made it was
«Grimlock».”
There was an obvious reaction.

Schmitt immediately widened his narrowed eyes as his mouth
opened wide, letting out a hoarse panting voice from within.
54

Sword Art Online Volume 8 – Early and Late
A Murder Case in the Area

Undoubtedly, this bro who looks like a sports athlete must have
known the blacksmith Grimlock and the victim Kains, and they went
through «some incident» together.

If that was the motive for killing Kains, the murder incident in the
«area» isn’t something I feared, a killer that just PKs randomly and
indifferently. I really wanted to know what happened in the past, but
even if I asked Schmitt directly, he probably wouldn’t answer me
honestly.

Just while I was thinking of what to do, that arm wearing the thick
metal gauntlet straightened stiffly and pulled the spear out from the
ground.

Schmitt crudely opened the item window and threw the short
spear in, as though to get rid of it, then quickly turned away.

Then, he, whose long spear was facing me, left a rather classic
threatening line.
“...Don’t bother randomly investigating any further. Let’s go!”

The guys of the Divine Dragons Alliance quickly headed towards
the transfer gate and disappeared.
——Then, what should I do?

55

Sword Art Online Volume 8 – Early and Late
A Murder Case in the Area

Chapter 4
“People from the DDA?”

On hearing my report, Asuna couldn’t help but frown.

DDA is the acronym for the «Divine Dragons Alliance», the
simplified term for the guild. The name had some form of intimidation
and pressure that people would naturally avoid, but it doesn’t work on
the sub-leader of the KoB Asuna.

On the day after the incident, Sakura month, 23rd day, the
weather generator seemed to be in a bad mood immediately as it had
been drizzling since morning. Actually in Aincrad, the sky is covered by
the base of the higher level, so it’s impossible to have rain, but to really
put it that way, there can’t possibly be sunlight in the day.

At 9am in the morning. Asuna and I met at the transfer gate on
the 57th floor, where the incident happened, and we arrived at a
nearby café to have breakfast and sort out the information we had up
till now. The biggest issue we had in our discussion was obviously the
Divine Dragons Alliance member Schmitt who ambushed me outside
the transfer gate and forcefully took information and the murder
weapon away from me.

“Ahh~ speaking of which, there’s really this person. The big long
spear user, right?”
“That’s right. He gives the vibe that he’s the chairman of a high
school snatchaway club.”

56

Sword Art Online Volume 8 – Early and Late
A Murder Case in the Area

“There’s no such club.”

Asuna immediately refuted this little inspiration of humor I have
had since morning, and seemed to be thinking about something as she
cupped the mug with café au lait.
“…Don’t tell me that guy is the culprit.”

“I can’t conclude that boldly, but probably not. If he took the
murder weapon back because he’s scared that someone found the clue,
he might as well not be there. I think that the spear is something left
behind by the culprit.”

“I see…you’re right. That killing method and the name of the
weapon is «Guilty Thorn»…instead of calling it a normal PK, it’s more
suitable to call it a «public execution»…”
On hearing Asuna mutter in a depressed manner, I nodded to
agree with her.

This isn’t a random PK, but an execution on Kains. And there must
have been something between Kains, Grimlock and Schmitt.

I kept my volume down and said out the conclusion I got from
these clues.

“In other words —— the motive is «revenge», no, «judgment».
That Kains-san once committed some form of sin, and he was killed as
«punishment». This should be what the killer is trying to get at.”

“In other words, Schmitt shouldn’t be the culprit, but the one the
criminal is after, is it? He did «something» with Kains-san, and started
to panic and take action after his partner was killed…”

57

Sword Art Online Volume 8 – Early and Late
A Murder Case in the Area

“Once we know that past, we’ll likely know who the culprit is.
However…this may just be an act by a criminal. Let’s not get too
subjective for now.”
“You’re right, especially when we’re asking Yolko.”

Asuna and I nodded at the same time, and we then checked the
time right now. It’s 10am in the morning, and we headed to a nearby
inn to ask Yolko, who was staying there, what happened.

There’s still some time after I finished the simple breakfast of
black bread and vegetable soup, and I casually looked at the KoB subleader opposite me.

Perhaps she was about to deal with something personal as she’s
not wearing the knight outfit with the white base and the red picture.
Her top was a shirt with pink and grey stripes with a black leather vest
over it, and her bottom was a black miniskirt with laces beside it. On
her feet were grey stockings.

Also, she’s wearing pink enamel shoes and a pink beret. It just
seems that she’s been putting in effort to dress up —— of course,
perhaps all female players dressed up normally like this. To be honest,
I have no idea about the current trend of clothing, so I can’t tell at all.
No matter what, I have no idea how much coll her attire cost.

Besides, there’s no need to deliberately dress up when
investigating a murder case. As I blankly thought about this, Asuna
suddenly looked up, and then quickly turned her head aside.
“…What are you looking at?”

“Eh…ah, nothing…”

58

Sword Art Online Volume 8 – Early and Late
A Murder Case in the Area

Of course, I couldn’t possibly ask her how much this attire cost,
but if I just said randomly things like this clothes are cute and really
suits you, I might either anger her or get laughed at by her, so I just
thought of an excuse.
“Un…I’m thinking, is that thick stuff nice?”

As I asked, Asuna lowered her head to look at the mysterious
thick soup she’s using her spoon to scoop up. She stared at me with a
delicate expression, and then sighed heavily.
“…Not at all.”

The rapier user whispered and pushed the soup aside, coughed a
few times, and then changed her tone and said,

“I’ve been thinking yesterday, about the «Continuous Pierce
damage DOT» from that black short spear…”

Speaking of which, it seems this was the first time I ever saw this
girl without her rapier equipped. Having noticed that, I nodded.
“Un?”

“For example, if a piercing type weapon is used to stab someone
outside the area, and if the player enters the area, how is the
continuous damage calculated? Do you know?”
“Un…well…”

I can’t help but consider. It’s true that I’ve never had this kind of
situation before, and of course, I never exactly thought of exactly what
happened.
“I don’t know…but the continuous poison or burn damage will
disappear once the player enters the area, right? Piercing damage
should be the same too, isn’t it?”

59

Sword Art Online Volume 8 – Early and Late
A Murder Case in the Area

“But what happens if the weapon is stabbed into the body? Will it
be pulled out automatically?”

“Even if it’s like that, it’s a little weird…un, we have some time, so
let’s experiment on this.”
Asuna immediately widened her eyes the moment she heard me
say this,
“Ex, experiment?”

“Seeing is believing.”

I tossed out an idiom that’s used a little strangely here, and then
summoned the map of the streets to find the nearest gate from here.

The area outside the main street area of the 57th floor «Marten» is
grassland filled with some craggy old trees.

A few weeks ago, this was a road I went past countless times
when this was still the frontline, and now, my memories are fuzzy. Of
course, it may be because there’re new sprouts coming out as spring
comes, but basically, ever since the clearing group broke through this
level, I’ve basically stopped coming to the training area outside the
area.

We continued on in the slight drizzle, and once we stepped out of
the streets, the warning words «Outer Field» appeared in our sights.
The monsters won’t immediately come over to attack, but my heart
just felt tense.

Asuna equipped that rapier she normally carried at her waist, and
then shook the water droplets hanging on her bangs in a somewhat
impatient manner before asking in an intrigued voice,

60

Sword Art Online Volume 8 – Early and Late
A Murder Case in the Area

“Then…how are you going to experiment?”

“Like this?”

I rummage through my waist pocket, found the 3 «Throwing
Picks» I normally equipped myself with, and pulled one out.

All the weapons that exist in Aincrad can be classified under
slashing, thrust, smash and pierce. My main one-handed weapon is a
slashing weapon, and Asuna’s weapon is a thrust type. Maces and
warhammers are smashing weapons, and the short spear that killed
Kains and the long spear Schmitt had are of course piercing types.

However, a few throwing weapons actually have a vague
classification. Of all the throwing weapons, the boomerang or the
sickles are slashing types; the flying daggers are stabbing types, and
my throwing picks are piercing types. That’s right. It looks like a large
metal needle that’s only 12cm long, but this pick is really a piercing
weapon, which means it can create some minor piercing damage.

It’s too stupid to just waste my equipment’s durability just to test
this on my HP, so I took off my left glove and used the pick in my right
now to stab at my bare hand.
“Wa…WAIT A SEC!”

A sharp shout caused my hand to stop.

I turn my head around, and Asuna had already opened her item
window and got ready to take out a very expensive healing crystal. I
couldn’t help but smile wryly and said,
“Isn’t it too exaggerated? I’ll only lose about 1 to 2% of my HP
when I get stabbed in the hand by such a pick.”

61

Sword Art Online Volume 8 – Early and Late
A Murder Case in the Area

“Idiot! Anything can happen outside the area! Party with me and
let me see your HP!”

Asuna angrily stated as she seemed to be lecturing a stupid little
brother, and then opened a window and invited me to a party. I cringed
my head back a little and immediately pressed on the accept button,
and right below my HP bar at the top left hand corner, I could see
Asuna’s small HP bar.
Now that I think about this, this is the first time I’m teaming up
with this girl. Of course, we’ve met many times as part of the clearing
group, but she is the sub-leader of the strongest guild, and I’m just a
small solo player, so we haven’t had much chance to talk to each other.
Unexpectedly, it’s so easy now, and I’m partying with her alone.
Just a while back, we’re having disagreements over defeating a boss,
and even had a 1 v 1 duel.

Asuna held onto the pink crystal as she looked tense and got
ready. I can’t help but look at her face.
“…What is it?”

“Nothing…well, I didn’t think that you’d worry about me like
that…”

The moment I said that, Asuna’s white face was immediately dyed
into the same color as the crystal. She then angrily said to me again,

“Of…of course not! Wait, it’s not exactly like th…ARGH! JUST STAB
IF YOU WANT TO DO SO!!”
EHHH!? I immediately grabbed the pick again.
“I, I’m going to stab then.”

I declared, and forcefully took a deep breath——

62

Sword Art Online Volume 8 – Early and Late
A Murder Case in the Area

I then proceeded to do the beginner level throwing skill «Single
Shot» at my extended left hand.
My two fingers on my right hand held onto the pick, and with a
slightly dark light effect, it pierced through my hand.

With an impact, the uncomfortable numbness and slight pain
passed through my nerves.

The HP bar deducted more HP than what I expected, and I lost
about 3%. Now that I remember, I swapped the ordinary picks with a
rare drop.

I endured this uncomfortable feeling and turned to look at the
metal needle that’s stabbed into my hand. 5 seconds later, the red light
effect flashed again, and the HP dropped by 0.5%. This is the
«Continuous Pierce Damage DOT».
“…HURRY UP AND ENTER THE AREA!”

Asuna’s tense voice prompted me, and I immediately nodded and
stared at the HP bar and the pick before heading to the gate leading to
the area.
The moment my feet stepped from the wet grassland to the hard
stone floor, my sights see the words «Inner Area».
And then —— the HP bar stopped dropping.

Every five seconds, there would be a red light effect, but the hit
points showed no sign of decreasing. As expected, any damage would
be nullified inside the area.
“…It stopped.”

Asuna whispered, and I nodded and agreed with her.
63

Sword Art Online Volume 8 – Early and Late
A Murder Case in the Area

“The weapon’s still embedded in me, but the continuous damage
stopped, huh?”
“How does it feel?”

“It’s still on my body. This is probably to prevent an idiot stabbed
with such a weapon to enter the area directly…”
“You’re that kind of idiot now.”

On hearing that cold telling-off, I could only cringe my neck back
and pull the pick out. The uncomfortable feeling passed through my
nerves, causing my body to tense up. There’s no sign of any wounds on
the back of my left hand, but the icy metallic touch still remained on it.
I couldn’t help but blow the back of my hand and said,

“The damage did stop…in that case, why did Kains die…? Is it the
unique characteristic of the weapon…or some unknown
skill…TWAAHHH!?”
The reason for the final shout at the end is—

Asuna suddenly used both hands to grab my left hand and pulled
it in front of her chest before forcefully holding onto it.
“You…wha…what…?”

After a few seconds, the sub-leader let go of the hand and glanced
at me before saying,
“The remaining feeling of the damage disappeared, right?”

“——U, un. Well, thanks.”

The reason why my heart raced is most likely because I was
shocked.
It’s definitely just like that, definitely.

64

Sword Art Online Volume 8 – Early and Late
A Murder Case in the Area

10am. Yolko walked out from the inn. She looks like she didn’t sleep at
all as she continued to blink as she bowed to Asuna and me.
I nodded back at her and first apologized,

“Sorry for bothering you when your friend just…”
“No worries…”

This girl who should be slightly older than me swayed her deep
blue hair as she shook her head.
“It’s alright. I want to hurry up and find the culprit too…”

After that, she turned her eyes to Asuna, and immediately
widened her eyes.

“Wow, that’s amazing. Are these clothes all one-make goods from
Ashley-san’s shop? This is the first time I’m seeing someone dressed up
fully in that!”
…Another name? I wondered and asked,

“Who’s that?”

“Don’t you know?”

Yolko looked at me with an expression of disbelief, and then
explained,

“Ashley-san is a super tailor who’s the first one in Aincrad to
master the sewing skill to level 1000! If you don’t get the rarest and
highest quality materials, she won’t make them for you!”
“I see!”

65

Sword Art Online Volume 8 – Early and Late
A Murder Case in the Area

I’m thoroughly impressed. Even someone like me who’s been
fighting like an idiot only managed to improve the mastery skill of onehanded swords to level 1000.
I can’t help but turn my gaze to Asuna and look at her from top to
bottom, and the rapier user’s face immediately tensed up, screaming
before walking forward.
“It…it’s not like that!”

——I have no idea what that was about at all.

Just like that, Asuna lead Yolko, who seemed to realize something,
and I, who don’t understand what’s going on at all, to that restaurant
where our meal was interrupted.
It’s still early, so there aren’t any signs of other players inside. We
sat on the inner most table and measured the distance from here to the
door. The distance is so far away, if we didn’t shout out, it was
impossible for people outside the shop to hear us. I always thought in
the past that we just needed to hide in an inn room and lock it up
before saying our secrets, but recently, I learnt that it’s even easier to
let those with great eavesdropping abilities to hear all our
conversations.

As Yolko had already taken breakfast, the three of us only ordered
drinks before getting into the topic at hand.
“First our report…last night, we went to check the «Monument of
Life» at the Black Iron Palace. Kains-san definitely died there.”

On hearing my words, Yolko gasped for a short while, closed her
eyes, nodded and said,

66

Sword Art Online Volume 8 – Early and Late
A Murder Case in the Area

“I see…thank you for deliberately going over to such a far place to
check…”
“No worries. Besides, we want to know about another name.”

Asuna immediately shook her head, and then raised the first
important question.

“Erm, Yolko-san. I’m going to ask you some names you may not
have heard of before…one of them should be a blacksmith called
«Grimlock». The other one is a long spear user called…«Schmitt».”
Yolko’s lowered head suddenly jerked.

Soon after, she did an ambiguous but definite action.

“Yes, I know them. Kains and I were members of the same guild in
the past.”
This tiny voice caused Asuna and I to look at each other.

Is that so? In that case, we have to come up with another
hypothesis—did «some incident» happen in that guild in the past to
cause this incident?
This time, I’m the one who raised the second question.

“Well, Yolko-san. I know this may be tough for you to answer, but
I hope you can tell the truth so that we can solve this case. We feel that
this incident has something to do with some form of «revenge» or
«judgment». Did Kains-san get killed because of what happened in that
guild and was hated by the criminal as revenge…? I’ve asked this
yesterday as well, but I hope that you can think through this again. Are
there any clues or anything suspicious…?”
This time, she didn’t answer immediately.

67

Sword Art Online Volume 8 – Early and Late
A Murder Case in the Area

Yolko still kept her head down. After a long moment of silence,
she used her trembling hands to pick up the cup to take a sip of tea
before nodding.

“…Yes…there really is something. I’m really sorry for not saying
it…that’s because I really want to forget it…and I don’t want to
remember it. Also, I thought that there’s no relationship between these
two things, so I didn’t say it out immediately…but I’m willing to do so
now. It’s because of «that incident» that caused our guild to be wiped
out.
——The guild’s name was «Golden Apple». This guild was a weak
guild that had only 8 players, and their aim wasn’t to clear, but to hunt
safely to earn money for lodging and food.
But, half a year ago…autumn last year.

We, who entered an ordinary dungeon in the middle floors,
suddenly met a monster we had never seen before. It was a completely
black cricket, fast and hard to identify…we immediately knew that it
was a rare monster. Everyone excitedly chased after it…and someone
threw out a knife. Coincidentally, it hit that monster by luck and
defeated it.

The drop was a ring that looked normal, but after inspection,
everyone was shocked. It could increase 20 points of agility. I think this
is a magic item that’s not even dropped on the front lines.

What happened next…I guess you should be able to guess what
happened.

We split up into two groups, one where the guild members would
use it, and one where we would sell it for money. After a very rough

68

Sword Art Online Volume 8 – Early and Late
A Murder Case in the Area

argument where we nearly started fighting, we voted. In the end, the
vote count was 5 to 3 in favor of selling it. The middle floor merchants
couldn’t handle such a rare item, so the guild leader took the ring to the
bustling city on the frontlines and asked the others to sell it at the
auction ring.

We had to spend quite some time investigating the market price
and a reliable merchant to auction it, so the leader intended to stay a
night on the frontlines. I was excitedly waiting for the leader to bring
the money back once the auction is over. Even if we had to divide it
into eight, the sum would be pretty large, so I’ve been looking at the
records to see what weapons I would buy from which shops or what
personal branded clothing I could buy…at this point, I never
expect…things ended up like this…
…The leader didn’t come back.

It had been past an hour since the following night when we
promised to meet up, and the leader didn’t bring any news. There
wasn’t any response even after we tracked where she was, and the
leader never responded to all the messages we sent over.

It was impossible for the leader to take the treasure and run away,
so we had a bad feeling about it. Some people went to the «Monument
of Life» in Black Iron Palace to check on the situation.
And in the end…

Yolko bit her lips and shook her head sideways.

Asuna and I don’t know what to say to console her.
69

Sword Art Online Volume 8 – Early and Late
A Murder Case in the Area

Luckily —— or we can say, Yolko soon wiped away the tears and
looked up, and then said with a trembling yet rather clear voice,
“The time of death was the night the leader took the ring to the
higher levels, past 1am at midnight. The cause of death
was…continuous pierce damage DOT.”

“…She probably wouldn’t take it out of the area if it’s such a rare
item. In that case…it’s a «Sleeping PK»?”
I murmured, and Asuna seemed to agree with me.

“Half a year ago, not a lot of people knew about such a killing
method, and a lot of people stayed overnight in public places to save
lodging fees.”

“The inns near the frontlines are rather expensive too…but this
shouldn’t be a coincidence. The one who killed the leader…should be a
player who knew about this ring…which means…”
With her eyes closed, Yolko nodded her head slightly.

“The «Golden Apple» guild had only 7 people left…so it was one of
us. Of course, we thought about that, but…we couldn’t track where
everyone was…so we started to suspect each other, and the guild soon
collapsed.”
The bitter silence covered the top of the table.

——It’s really an uncomfortable story to hear.

——However, this really is something that can possibly happen.

It’s not rare to see a harmonious guild collapse without signs of
disharmony because of a rare once in ten thousands drop they got. The
reason why we often don’t hear about such gossip is because the
people involved mostly want to forget about these things.

70

Sword Art Online Volume 8 – Early and Late
A Murder Case in the Area

However, there’s still a question I had to ask Yolko.

I faced this older girl, who’s lowering her head in a depressed
manner, summoned my courage and asked,

“I would like you to tell me something. The names of the three
people who were against selling the ring are…?”

Yolko was silent for several seconds, and then seemed to decide
on things as she lifted her head up and answered clearly,
“Kains, Schmitt…and me.”

——This answer more or less surprised me. Yolko wordlessly
watched me blink and continued on with some self-deprecating tone,

“It’s just that the reason I opposed it is different. Kains and
Schmitt were frontlines warriors and wanted to use it for themselves,
and for me…it’s because I was starting to go out with Kains. I was
putting my feelings for my boyfriend as a priority rather than the
benefit of the guild. It’s stupid, right?”

Yolko then closed her mouth and looked at the table. At this
moment, Asuna, who had been keeping quiet, suddenly asked with a
gentle tone,

“Yolko-san. Did you…still keep in contact with Kains-san after the
guild was disbanded…?”
Yolko still looks down as she shook her head slightly.

“…As the guild disbanded, we naturally split up. We occasionally
meet up to chat, that’s all…if we stayed with each other for too long,
we’ll just think about that ring incident. It was the same yesterday. We
only agreed to have a meal…yet such a thing happened before we had
it…”

71

Sword Art Online Volume 8 – Early and Late
A Murder Case in the Area

“I see…I suppose you’ve been hit badly. Sorry for asking so many
things you don’t want to mention about.”
Yolko shakes simply her head.

“It’s alright. And…about Grimlock…”

I inadvertently sit up after hearing her name.

“…He was the sub-leader of the «Golden Apple», and the
«husband» of the guild leader. Of course, we’re talking about SAO itself.”
“Eh…the leader was a girl?”

“Un. The leader’s really strong…but I’m talking about the middle
areas…she’s an outstanding one-handed swordsman, beautiful and
smart…I really admired her. So…even till now, I still can’t believe that
the leader would actually be killed by such an underhanded method
like the «Sleeping PK»…”

“…Grimlock must be really shocked then. The lover he’s married
to was…”
After hearing Asuna mutter, Yolko’s body jerked.

“Yes. He was a very gentle swordsmith before this…but after that
incident happened, it feels like he became really violent…he never
contacted anyone after the guild disbanded, and his whereabouts are
unknown.”

“I see…sorry for asking you such troubling questions, but can you
please tell me one last thing? About yesterday…do you think the one
who killed Kains-san may be Grimlock? actually, the black short spear
stabbed into Kains-san’s chest…we inspected it and found it to be made
by Grimlock.”
72

Sword Art Online Volume 8 – Early and Late
A Murder Case in the Area

This question is actually asking her whether Kains may be the
real murderer of the «ring incident» half a year ago.

Yolko pondered for a while and then nods her head with a slight
action.

“…It’s true…there is such a possibility. But Kains and I never
killed the leader and snatched the ring. We can’t prove our
innocence…but if the killer yesterday was Grimlock…he might want to
kill the three people who were opposed to selling the ring, Kains,
Schmitt and me…”
Asuna and I sent Yolko back to the inn she was at and handed her
several days worth of food, telling her not to leave the room no matter
what.

We considered the difficulties of her not leaving, so we moved her
to the executive suite that’s composed of 3 rooms linked to each other
and paid a week’s deposit first. However, we can’t depend on playing
computer games to kill time in Aincrad, and there’s a limit to being in a
room when we’re bored, so we promised her that we’ll solve this case
as soon as possible and left the inn.
“…Actually, I’ll feel more secure if we can move her to the KoB
headquarters…”

If we move Yolko over to the KoB headquarters and ask them for
protection, we’ll have to tell the entire guild exactly what happened. In
other words, the details of the «Golden Apple» disbanding will be
revealed. I guess Yolko refused us so as to protect Kains’ honor.
As we arrived back at the transfer gate plaza, the bell indicating
11am rang.

73

Sword Art Online Volume 8 – Early and Late
A Murder Case in the Area

The rain finally stopped, but there’s a thick layer of mist starting
to form. I looked at Asuna, who’s dressed in black and dark pink
through the mist, and said,
“Then, let’s…”

“…?”

Asuna felt a little bewildered after seeing that I stopped midway
through my sentence.

It’s too late —— but I conclude that we should say something, so I
deliberately coughed a few times before indicating,
“Ahem, nothing. Un—well…that get-up really suits you.”

Ohh, I said it now. Now I’m a first-class gentleman.

The moment I said that, Asuna immediately gave a horrified look.
She quickly pointed her right index finger out at me and poked it into
my chest, angrily growling,

“Ugh—! YOU’RE SUPPOSED TO SAY THAT WHEN WE FIRST MET!”

After saying that, Asuna declares, I’M GOING TO CHANGE! and
quickly turned back at a very fast speed. The side of her face was
already red, but this must be because she’s angry.

I don’t understand. I really don’t understand the so-called
woman’s heart.

Asuna used the empty house nearby to change into her knightly
attire, swung her long hair back and quickly headed for me before
saying,
“Then, what are we going to do next?”

74

Sword Art Online Volume 8 – Early and Late
A Murder Case in the Area

“Ah, okay. There are several options…the first is to head to the
middle levels to hear about this Grimlock guy and find where he is. The
second is to interview the other members of the Golden Apple and
verify Yolko-san’s words. The third…is to investigate how Kains-san
was killed. That’s likely to be all.”
“Un…”

Asuna folded her arms in front of her chest and started to ponder.

“The first option is too inefficient with just the two of us. Based on
our current hypotheses, if the criminal is really Grimlock, he would be
hiding somewhere already. The second option…the other members are
also involved, so we can’t verify Yolko-san’s words…”
“Eh? Why?”

“What’ll happen if we get conflicting information from what
Yolko-san said just now? We can’t tell which side is telling the truth,
and it’ll be more chaotic for us. We need objective views to help us
make our decision…”
“Then…the third option’s the only thing left.”

We looked at each other and nodded.

It’s a little sorry to Yolko, but Asuna and I are so into this case not
because we’re trying to find out the truth behind the «Golden Apple»
leader’s death, but to find out the «Inside area PK» method that killed
Kains.
Based on what we could see last night, the fact is that we could
only confirm that «Continuous Pierce Damage DOT outside the area
can never be carried over inside the area». That’s why we have to
thoroughly discuss if there are other possibilities.

75

Sword Art Online Volume 8 – Early and Late
A Murder Case in the Area

“However…I still wish someone more knowledgeable can help us
out…”
I muttered, and Asuna immediately frowned and answered,

“Even so, it’s really unfair to Yolko-san if we just spread
information randomly. Besides, there’s no one that’s trustworthy
enough and is more familiar with the SAO system than us…”
“…Ah.”

I suddenly thought of a player, and then immediately flicked a
finger.
“There is someone like that. Let’s call that guy out.”

“Who?”

I said the answer, and Asuna’s eyes widened like longans.

76

Sword Art Online Volume 8 – Early and Late
A Murder Case in the Area

Chapter 5
I can be certain that the guy wasn’t attracted by the ‘I’ll treat you’
clause, but I was really shocked when that guy really appeared 30
minutes after Asuna messaged him.

On seeing that burly body come out silently from the central
transfer gate of Algade, many pedestrians moving around the plaza
raised a commotion. This guy had a dark red robe and platinum hair
that’s tied up, and he did not have any weapons on his waist and
back—making one even associate him with a «magician» class that
didn’t exist in SAO. The leader of the «Knights of the Blood» guild and
the strongest swordsman, the «Holy Sword» Heathcliff, saw us, and
immediately raised his eyebrows before moving over like he’s gliding.
Asuna immediately bowed agilely and quickly explained,

“Leader, sorry for calling you out here out of a sudden! This
idio…no, this person didn’t listen to me and insisted on you coming
over no matter what…!”

“It’s alright. I just wanted to have lunch too anyway. Besides, it’s
rare to have the «Black Swordsman» Kirito-kun to get a chance to treat
me anyway. I have to attend a meeting with the members of the
equipment group in the evening, so I can meet up with you now.”

Heathcliff said with a smooth tenor voice that had an iron will in
it, and I looked up at him and shrugged, saying,

77

Sword Art Online Volume 8 – Early and Late
A Murder Case in the Area

“You managed to block that monster in the boss battle on this
floor for ten minutes, so I can thank you by treating you. I can also tell
you some of the more interesting latest news.”

I brought the leaders of the strongest guild KoB, and lead them to
the weirdest looking restaurant I knew of in Algade. I didn’t really like
the food here, but the overall atmosphere created by the restaurant
seemed to touch my emotional chords for some reason.
After moving around in the maze-like narrow alley for about 5
minutes, I turned right, headed down the stairs, headed left and
climbed up the stairs. As that shop finally appeared in the slightly dim
space, Asuna said,

“…You’re going to lead me out too, or else I won’t be able to head
back to the plaza.”

“I heard that there are several people who didn’t bring their
teleport crystals around and got lost, and after moving around for half
a day, they still couldn’t get out.”

I deliberately showed a smile and scared Asuna, and Heathcliff
immediately quipped,

“You just need to pay an NPC on the streets 10 col and they’ll send
you to the plaza. Of course, if you don’t even have this money…”
After saying this, he gently clapped his hands together and
quickly walked into the shop. Asuna gave a bewildered look as we
followed him.

The cramped shop was as empty as I had expected. After sitting
down at a cheap 4 seater table, I ordered 3 «Algade Noodles» from the
gloomy looking shop owner and drank up the iced water in the glass.
Asuna sat on my left and said with a delicate expression,

78

Sword Art Online Volume 8 – Early and Late
A Murder Case in the Area

“Why is it…like we’re doing a cross-examination…”

“You’re thinking too much. Then, let’s get straight to the point to
avoid delaying the busy leader-dono.”

I looked up and saw Heathcliff being all nonchalant as I said that.

Asuna first explained what happened last night clearly. While
listening to her, the «Holy Sword»’s expression didn’t seem to change
at all, and only twitched his eyebrows on hearing Kains’ death.

“…That’s how it is. It’s somewhat troublesome, but I hope you can
give us some suggestions, leader…”

Asuna concluded. Heathcliff drank another gulp of water, and
then answers, un,

“Then, let me hear your hypothesis, Kirito-kun. What’s your view
about this «Inside area murder» method?”
On hearing the topic being directed at me, I put down the hand
supporting my face and immediately raised three fingers.

“Un…I guess there are about 3 possible methods. First, an actual
inner area duel. Second, combining a known method with a system
loophole, and third…an unknown skill or equipment that can cause the
Anti-Criminal Code to lose its effect.”
“You can forget about the third possibility.”

Heathcliff immediately concluded, and these words caused me to
stare at his face. Asuna was like me, blinking a few times before asking,
“…Leader, how can you be so certain?”

“Think about it. If you’re the developer of this game, would you
design such a skill or weapon?”

79

Sword Art Online Volume 8 – Early and Late
A Murder Case in the Area

“Un…probably not.”

I answered.

“Why is that?”

I looked back at the yellowish-bronze eyes that had a magnetic
effect, and continued,

“That’s because…it’s too imbalanced. I really don’t want to admit
it, but the rules of SAO are rather fair. Of course, your «Unique Skill»
can’t be considered as such.”
I curled my lips up as he added that last sentence, and Heathcliff
silently smiled back at me in the same manner.

Deep inside, I was shocked, but my expression didn’t change at all.
Even if he’s the leader of the KoB guild, he can’t possibly know that I
recently got «that» in my skill window.
Asuna looked back and forth at Heathcliff and me while we
exchanged weird smiles with each other, sighed and shook her head
before interrupting,

“Either way, discussing this third possibility is a waste of time
because we can’t confirm it. Then…let’s examine the first assumption,
the possibility of a proper duel.”

“Alright. But…the shop here really is really slow in serving food.”

I shrugged at Heathcliff, who was looking deep into the counter.

“As far as I know, the shop owner here is the most unenthusiastic
in Aincrad. This is also one of the shop’s specialties. Besides, ice water
can be refilled without limit here.”
80

Sword Art Online Volume 8 – Early and Late
A Murder Case in the Area

I took up the cheap kettle and continued to pour ice water into
leader-dono’s cup in front of him.

“——If the player dies inside the circle, it must be because of a
duel, un…this can be said to be common knowledge. But I can confirm
that there was no sign of any window indicating a victor. Are there
those kind of duels?”

At this moment, Asuna, who was sitting beside me, suddenly
tilted her head.

“…Speaking of which, I’ve never noticed this before. Where does
the window that indicates the winner appear?”
“Eh? Well…”

Actually, I’ve never thought about this question before. But
Heathcliff immediately answered without hesitation,

“It’ll appear in the middle of the duel participants. Or, if both sides
are ten meters apart when the victor’s decided, there’ll be two
windows appearing at the closest point to them.”
“…To think you know this kind of rules. That means…even if it’s
far away, it’ll appear at most 5m away from Kains.”

My mind recalled the scene of that tragedy, and I shook my head
and said,

“There were no windows appearing in the surrounding space, I
can be certain of that since there were a lot of witnesses. Also, if it
appeared behind Kains inside the church, it means that the criminal
was still inside the church at that time. However, Asuna, who ran into
the church just before Kains died, didn’t see anyone. That makes it
really weird.”

81

Sword Art Online Volume 8 – Early and Late
A Murder Case in the Area

“Speaking of which, there were no windows inside the church.”
Asuna added.

Hmm. I wonder. Then——
“…So…it’s not a duel?”

As I muttered, the already pitiful atmosphere in this restaurant
seemed to become even heavier.
“…Did you choose the wrong shop…?”

Asuna muttered, seemingly trying to change the thought process
here as she finished up the ice water inside her glass before putting it
back on the table with a klang. I then immediately fill her glass with ice
water. She thanked me with a vague expression, and then raised two
fingers before saying,

“The second possibility is the only possibility left. «System
Loophole»…but I just feel that something is wrong with this.”
“What’s wrong about it?”

“«Continuous Pierce Damage ».”

There were toothpicks on the table, which were unnecessary in
the first place —— it was impossible to dirty our teeth in this world —
— Asuna drew one and used this pocket-sized weapon to throw into
the air.

“I feel that the short spear wasn’t just used to showcase a public
execution. Perhaps he has to rely on continuous damage to create a PK
inside the area…that’s what I think.”
“Un. I feel the same.”

I nod, and then shook my head,

82

Sword Art Online Volume 8 – Early and Late
A Murder Case in the Area

“But didn’t we experiment this before? Even if we use a piercing
weapon out the area to stab through, the damage would stop once we
moved into the area.”

“That is when they walk over. Then…what if they used the
«Return Crystal»? He set up a crystal in a small room inside the church
to exit and then moved from outside the area to that place…would the
damage stop as well?”
“Of course.”

Heathcliff’s sharp voice answered.

“No matter whether it’s walking or teleporting or even being
thrown into the area…once anyone enters the street area, the «Code»
will work without exception.”
“Wait. This «street area» you’re talking about refers only to the
ground or the inside of the buildings, right? What about in the air?”

I suddenly had a weird imagination when I raised this question.

That rope. If Kains, who was stabbed through with the short
spear, was hung on the neck by the rope, what would happen if he was
immediately hung and stabbed through without touching the ground
before being pushed out through the corridor…
This question caused even Heathcliff to hesitate.

But two seconds later, his tied longhair swayed sideways.

“No —— strictly speaking, the «area» extends from the streets
and above until the cover, the base of the next level. The moment
someone moves into that 3-dimensional space, the «Code» will protect
that person. So even if someone sets the exit 100m above the streets
and move from outside the area into the air, there won’t be any fall

83

Sword Art Online Volume 8 – Early and Late
A Murder Case in the Area

damage. However, one will have to experience some unpleasant mental
impact.”
“Is that so~”

Asuna and I let out voices of amazement.

Of course, we’re not amazed by the shape of the «area» region,
but by Heathcliff’s well-versed knowledge and memory. I had the
thought of does someone need to know so many things just to be a
guild leader, but I immediately denied that thought the moment a
certain bearded katana user appeared in my mind.
However——

If that is the case, even if there’s a «Continuous Pierce Damage»
existing, since Kains is inside the area, this damage should have
stopped. In other words, there should be another source of damage on
that guy’s HP other than the short spear «Guilty Thorn» —— are there
no other loopholes?
I continued to think, and slowly stated my guess.

“…On the Monument of Life, the time of Kains death was there,
and the cause of death is clearly stated there —— «Continuous Pierce
Damage». Also, what was left at Kains’ death scene was that black short
spear.”
“Yeah. It’s really hard to imagine the criminal using another
weapon.”
“Listen to me…”

My mind immediately thought of that flinging-like feeling when a
powerful monster dealt a critical hit, and continued,
84

Sword Art Online Volume 8 – Early and Late
A Murder Case in the Area

“Once someone is hit by a powerful critical hit, what will happen
to their HP bar?”

Asuna immediately gives me a don’t-you-already-know-this
expression and answered,
“Of course it will decrease by a lot.”

“It means there’s a problem with how it decreases. The HP won’t
drop in one huge shot but slowly decrease from right to left, right? In
other words, there is some delay in the attack until the HP is worn out.”
As I said this, Asuna finally understood what I was trying to get at.
But Heathcliff still looked emotionless, which made it hard to tell what
he was actually thinking.

say,

I continued to look at both of them, and then waved my hand to

“For example…that spear hit outside the area caused Kains’ HP to
drop from max to zero. From the equipment, I can tell that that guy’s a
tank, so his HP should be rather high. The HP bar will then drop from
max to zero, un…it’s not surprising even if it takes 5 seconds to wear
out. The culprit must have used this time to teleport back through a
portal and sent Kains into the church to hang from the window…”
“Wa…wait a second.”

Asuna keeps her voice down and interrupts me.

“Kains is not of the clearing group, but he’s an elite player
amongst the middle levels. Using just a single sword skill to reduce this
person’s HP down to zero is impossible for me…and for you!”
“Un, that’s true.”

I nodded slightly.

85

Sword Art Online Volume 8 – Early and Late
A Murder Case in the Area

“Even if we used a «Vorpal Strike» to deal a critical damage, we
probably can’t drop his HP to half. But in SAO, there are thousands of
players. We can’t deny that there are high leveled swordsmen who
don’t belong to the clearing group…those that Asuna and I don’t know
of.”

“So what you’re trying to say is…we don’t know whether
Grimlock was the one who killed Kains with that short spear or a «red»
player he requested, but that guy has the ability to take down a fullyarmored tank…?”
I shrugged to affirm this, and looked at the guy opposite me with
an attitude of waiting for a «teacher» to grade.

Heathcliff’s half-closed eyes stared at the table, and after a while,
he nodded,

“In terms of method, that’s not impossible. It’s true that once you
carry out a hit outside the area to drop the HP down to zero and open a
portal to move the target over, you can create a so-called «Inside area
PK».”
Oh? So I’m right? The moment I thought this was the case, that
clear voice added, “However…”

“…I suppose you should know. A piercing weapon’s main
characteristic is the length, followed by the armor piercing ability. In
terms of pure power, it’s not as strong as a smashing weapon or a
slashing one. If even a heavy long spear can’t do it, it’s even less
possible for a mere short spear.”
This really blew a hole in my reasoning.

I pouted like a grumbling kid, and on seeing this, Heathcliff smiled
and continued,

86

Sword Art Online Volume 8 – Early and Late
A Murder Case in the Area

“If someone was to use a short spear that is not exactly a highrank item to take down a middle-level tank…I think that person will
have to be at least level 100 to do so.”
“100!!???”

Asuna immediately cried out in panic.

The rapier user widened her ground-yellow eyes and turned to
look at Heathcliff, and then me, and then back and forth again, before
shaking her head and saying,

“No…it’s impossible for such a person to exist. We’ve been
training for so long, so you shouldn’t have forgotten, right? If it’s level
100…it’s impossible to do so without training 24 hours a day on the
frontlines dungeons.”
“That’s what I feel too.”

Since the strongest guild KoB leaders deny this possibility, how
can this puny little solo player raise a logical argument? In fact, even I,
who is basically the highest levelled player in the clearing group, is
only just above level 80.

“…The-then it may not be the player’s ability, but the strength of
the sword skill, for example…a second person with a «Unique Skill»
that appeared or something…”
The moment I said this, the leader shrugged his shoulders that
were covered with the dark red cape, and then smiled,

“Fu…if such a player really exists, I’ll definitely ask him to join the
KoB immediately.”
As those unpredictable eyes stared at me, I could only give up on
such a possibility and leaned the cheap chair’s back.

87

Sword Art Online Volume 8 – Early and Late
A Murder Case in the Area

“Hn~ I thought this might work. What is left is…”

Just when I was about to say the stupid statement ‘request a bosslevel monster in the training grounds to beat Kains’, a figure stealthily
appeared beside me.
“Sorry to keep you waiting…”

The NPC shop owner said with a lazy tone as he served 3 bowls of
noodles from the rectangular tray. The bangs under the oil-stained
chef’s hat were too long, and I couldn’t see his face clearly.
Asuna was already used to seeing NPC shop workers on the other
floors who were clean, polite and serious in their work, and was
dumbstruck as she could only watch the shop owner leave slowly and
return to the counter.

I picked up the cheap wash-free chopsticks on the table, PAK, split
them apart and pulled a bowl of noodles over. Asuna did the same
thing as me and whispered,
“…What’s this? Ramen?”

“Sho-should be something similar?”

I said so, and pulled the wavy noodles that were soaked in the
clear soup base out.

And then, 3 sounds of slurps and food munching could be heard
inside the shop.

An abnormally hot and dry wind blew in from the door, and in the
sky above, unknown birds let out a ‘QUACK—’ sound.
A few minutes later, I pushed my finished bowl of noodles to a
corner of the table, and then looked at the man opposite me before
saying,

88

Sword Art Online Volume 8 – Early and Late
A Murder Case in the Area

“…Then, leader-dono. Any inspiration?”
“…”

Heathcliff, who finished the soup before putting down his bowl,
stared at a picture that looked like kanji at the bottom of the bowl,
“…This isn’t ramen. Definitely not.”
“Un, I feel the same.”

“Then, I’ll give you an answer of value equivalent to this bowl of
fake ramen.”
Tak. He lifted his head and put down the wash-free chopsticks.

“…Through the current information, I can’t conclude «exactly
what happened». But I can say this —— listen up…in this case, the only
clues you can consider ‘absolutely reliable’ are what you saw or heard
first-hand.”
“…? What does that mean…?”

Heathcliff used those brass-like eyes to stare at Asuna and I who
were sitting side by side, and then said,

“It means…what you see and hear in Aincrad are all digital
databases that can be converted to processes. There are no such thing
as illusions or hallucinations here. On the other hand, all sort of
information that aren’t data will have some possibility of illusion or
lies. If you want to track this killer…«Inner area incident», you can only
trust in your own eyes and ears. In other words, your brains have to
collect the data directly.”
up.

Heathcliff finally said ‘thanks for the treat, Kirito-kun’, and stood

89

Sword Art Online Volume 8 – Early and Late
A Murder Case in the Area

90

Sword Art Online Volume 8 – Early and Late
A Murder Case in the Area

I pondered about what this mysterious swordsman said and got
up, telling the shop owner ‘we’re full’, and slipping through the door to
leave.

‘Why does that kind of shop exist’. Heathcliff, who was in front of
me, muttered these words that entered my ears softly.

As the leader-dono seemed to merge into the maze-like streets and
disappear, I turned to Asuna, who was standing beside me, and asked
her,
“…Do you understand what he just said?”

“…Un.”

On seeing her nod, I can’t help but get the ‘as expected of subleader’ thought.

“Yeah…anyway, what was just served was ‘Tokyo-style ramen
without soy sauce’, which caused such a half-baked taste.”
“Huh?”

“I’ve decided. One day, I’m going to make soy sauce. Or else I think
this insatiable feeling seems like it will never disappear.”
“…Is that so. Do your best then…”

I nodded and snarked back with “THAT’S NOT WHAT I’M ASKING
HERE!”
“Eh? Kirito-kun? What did you just say?”

“Sorry for bringing you here to eat something so weird. It’s my
fault, so please hurry up and forget about it. What I was asking just
91

Sword Art Online Volume 8 – Early and Late
A Murder Case in the Area

now is, that Heathcliff just said some enlightening-like words. What do
they mean?”
“Ahh…”

This time, Asuna definitely nodded and answered me,

“He means, don’t believe second-hand information you heard
from others completely. In this situation, he’s talking about the
motive…the «Golden Apple» guild’s rare ring incident.”
“Ehh~?”

I can’t help but moan.

“So you’ve been suspecting Yolko-san? It’s true that those words
were completely baseless…but, didn’t you just say it just now, Asuna?
It’s meaningless to doubt what she said without saying what’s true and
what’s not, right?”

In the end, Asuna glanced at me for some reason, and then quickly
looked away before nodding a few times.
“We-well, I did say that. But, it’s just like the leader said. There
are really too few methods to conclude which PK method was used. In
that case, why don’t we ask someone else who is involved? If we
suddenly mention the ring, he might even tense up and reveal some
information.”
“Eh? Who are you talking about?”

“The one who took that spear away from you, of course.”

92

Sword Art Online Volume 8 – Early and Late
A Murder Case in the Area

Chapter 6
The numbers shown on the bottom right corner of my sight
indicated that it was 2pm.

Normally, this is the time lunch ended, and the time where the
dungeon clearing and training would go on. However, I didn’t have the
time to leave the street area. Just moving through the frontline fields
and heading into the uncleared dungeon areas would take us until
sunset.
For someone like me, who’ll slack because «the weather’s good»,
it’s fine, but for «The Flash», who was unable to take part in the
clearing for 2 straight days, she must be feeling unhappy.

I wondered as I glanced aside to look at Asuna’s response. This
woman’s unexpectedly gave off a gentler feeling than usual. She’s not
only messing with mysterious shops in the dark alleys of Algade, but
also looking at the culverts that lead to who knows where —— the
moment she noticed me. Nn? She gave me such a look and smiled at me.
“What is it?”

She asked, and I hurriedly shook my head and answered,

“N…no, it’s nothing.”

“You’re a weirdo, even though I already knew that.”

She started giggling all of a sudden, put her arms on her waist,
and then used both heels of her shoes to stamp.
93

Sword Art Online Volume 8 – Early and Late
A Murder Case in the Area

Please, I really don’t know who the weirdo is here. Is this the
same clearing devil who erupted into a rage and lectured me on
sleeping yesterday? Or that she’s been grumbling and yet fell for the
«Algade-side» style? If that’s the case, I’ll definitely get her to try the
«Algade Roast» that’s even more exotic next time.

As I thought about that, I finally heard the buzzing of the transfer
gate plaza coming from the side. Luckily, we didn’t have to request a
roadside NPC to get back to the plaza.
I forcefully stopped that weird excitement in me and gave a dry
cough.

“Ahem…then, we’re going over to question commander Schmitt.
But at this time now, won’t the members of the DDA be out hunting?”

Asuna kept her smile and put her fingers on her petite chin before
saying,

“If Yolko-san’s words are true, then Schmitt-san’s is one of those
«against the sale of the ring»…in other words, he and Kains-san are on
the same side. From the way he appeared in front of you yesterday, it
was obvious that he himself is already wary of this. Now that he’s being
targeted by an unknown «Red»…do you think he’ll just leave the area
in this situation?”

“Ahh…you do make some sense there. But that «Red» player may
be using a PK method inside the area. Even if he stays in the streets, he
won’t be able to guarantee absolute safety.”
“It’s because of this that he wants to exert the maximum effort in
ensuring his own safety. If he’s not hiding at the inn, he’s…”
On hearing till this point, I finally understood what Asuna was
trying to get at. I flicked my finger and continued,

94

Sword Art Online Volume 8 – Early and Late
A Murder Case in the Area

“He’ll use the «Guarding city» method and hide inside the
headquarters of the DDA.”
One of the strongest guilds, the Divine Dragons Alliance, built its
grand guild headquarters on the 56th floor, which was actually not too
long ago. Of course, it’s definitely not a coincidence that they set their
headquarters on a higher floor than the Knights of the Blood who built
theirs on the 55th floor, but I saw that it was more of an exaggerated
building like a «castle» or a «fort» rather than a «home», and couldn’t
help but feel disgusted by such daringness. Klein, Agil and I once
cleared a table full of dishes to give them some respect, but too many
taste signals entered us, and our stomachs felt swollen for 3 whole
days.
I, who walked out from Algade’s transfer gate, looked at the
horrifying museum of filling food on the hill that overlooked the whole
stretches of streets, and couldn’t help but burp. Asuna didn’t seem to
react much as she immediately walked down that red bricked path
along the slope.

I looked at the silver-based blue dragon guild flag that flapped
above, and deliberately kept my volume down before saying,

“Speaking of which, even if DDA-sama is a famous guild, it’s really
amazing that they can get so much funds to buy such a building. I don’t
know how you feel about this, KoB sub-leader-dono.”

“Okay, I guess. If we look at the number of people in the guild, the
members of DDA outnumber us 2 to 1. But about the funding, it is
really a little weird. Our head of finances Daizen-san once said that
‘they should have some highly efficient Farming Spots’.”

95

Sword Art Online Volume 8 – Early and Late
A Murder Case in the Area

“Is that so?”

The so called farming is an MMO-term for hunting large mobs at
high speeds. Last year, I decided to take a high-risk activity because of
a certain incident and used the «Ant Hill» on the 46th floor. It was a
symbolic place. However, once the experience gain there at a certain
time exceeded a certain limit, the «Cardinal System» that ruled the
world of SAO would naturally decrease the efficiency.

Thus, the people amongst the clearing group had a gentlemanly
agreement that ‘we’re to reveal all good farming areas to all places, and
everyone is to collect the rich resources until they run out’. However,
DDA may have gone against this agreement and hid such places ——
that’s basically what Asuna meant.
This is really sneaky, but DDA getting stronger basically meant
that the entire clearing group would become stronger, so no one could
tell them off for it.

If we did that, what will face us in the end would be self-hypocrisy
in the clearing group. We set up a flag in the death game to release
everyone, and brazenly took up most of the resources the system
provided. However, this may be just to fulfill our own desire to be at
the top of the pyramid.
On thinking about this, I suddenly felt that the «Aincrad
Liberation Force», which had a completely different objective from the
clearing group —— forcing all players to share all resources equally
didn’t seem to be much of a daydream. That’s right. If the «Army»
actually insisted on this, there wouldn’t be this «inside area incident»,
and the ring drop from the monster that was the cause of the murder
would be forcefully taken and sold, and all profits will be divided to
every player.

96

Sword Art Online Volume 8 – Early and Late
A Murder Case in the Area

“Really…the guy who created this death game is really too cruel…”

Why choose an «MMO»? There are so many RTS or FPS that are
fairer and could easily decide the winner instantly.
SAO has been testing the greed of the high-leveled players. It
forced the players to balance their puny sense of superiority against
their friends —— or that could be said to be every single player.

And the criminal behind this ring incident got swallowed by his
own greed.

Actually, I myself faced such a stern trial. That is because, in my
Properties Window, there was a huge secret that even a rare magic
item couldn’t compare to, and I chose to keep it.

——Perhaps Asuna may have heard me muttering as she seemed
to completely understand what was going on in my mind and muttered,
“That’s why we have to solve this case.”

Asuna forcefully grabbed my right hand, showing a strong smile
that swept away any doubts. While I panicked, she told me to wait here,
and then moved towards the large castle gate in front of us with heavy
steps. I put my hand that still had some warmth on it into my coat
pocket, and leant on a nearby tree.

Basically, only guild members there could enter this building that
was registered as their guild headquarters. In other words, this is no
different from a player’s private house, so there was no need for
guards. However, a guild which had ample manpower would still send
people to stand in front, and their main aim wasn’t to keep watch, but
to pass messages from visitors.

97

Sword Art Online Volume 8 – Early and Late
A Murder Case in the Area

And the Divine Dragons Alliance was the same. The splendid gate
had two heavily-armed spearmen standing there like guards.

——They were more like mid-level bosses in an RPG rather than
guards. On thinking about this, my heart started to be wary, but Asuna
walked towards the guy on the right without hesitation and greeted
him.
“Hello. I’m Asuna of the Knights of the Blood…”

The burly warrior immediately straightened his upper body and
softly whispered,

“Ah, hello! It’s been tough on you! Is there any reason why you
specially made your way here?”

He didn’t look like a guard or a mid-level boss. Asuna openly gave
a cute smile to the giant who came running from the left side, and then
stated her aim for this visit,

“I came here to talk to your guild member about something. Can
you please help me contact Schmitt-san?”

said,

Both men look at each other, and one of them tilted his head and

“That guy should be in the dungeon area at the frontlines, right?”

But the other answered,

“Ah, but he seemed to have said during breakfast that he’s going
to rest for the today because he has a headache. Maybe he is in his
room. I’ll try asking.”

The way they established rapport with each other really shocked
me. In terms of guild relation, the DDA and KoB definitely couldn’t be
considered to be on good relations with each other, but it might be

98

Sword Art Online Volume 8 – Early and Late
A Murder Case in the Area

different for interpersonal relationships —— of course, it might be
because of Asuna’s charm added to it. If it’s the power of the latter
working, I might as well stand here and not come out.

As I leaned my body near the tree branch clinging on the castle
wall to try and hide further, another guard started to quickly type a
message and sent it out.

And then, there was a reply in less than 30 seconds as the fingers
of the guard again returned to the window. It seemed that Schmitt was
really hiding inside the castle. If he was fighting in the dungeons on the
frontlines, it was impossible for him to reply so quickly.
The guard looked at the message, and immediately frowned in a
troubled manner.

“He is resting today…but, he wants me to ask you what this is
about…”

Asuna pondered about this for a while, and simply answered,
“Just tell him ‘I want to talk about the ring’.”

The other party immediately answered.

The guy who should be lying on the bed because of a headache
immediately rushed down to the castle gate and said ‘let’s go
somewhere else’ to talk and immediately walked briskly down the hill.
Asuna, who followed Schmitt, passed me, and I pretended that nothing
had happened as I walked out from the shades of the tree. Schmitt
glanced at me, but he may have known that Asuna and I were
investigating this, and didn’t react at all as he merely walked faster.

Schmitt, who’s walking quickly several meters in front of me, was
still wearing the high-ranked armor that he wore when he snatched

99

Sword Art Online Volume 8 – Early and Late
A Murder Case in the Area

the short spear away from me, and there was even a thin layer of
chainmail beneath it. He was not carrying that large long spear, but the
weight of this equipment should be quite a lot. He just looked like he
couldn’t feel the burden as he continued to move forward at a fast
speed. He was no longer just a mere tank, and was more like an
American Football player.
This athlete-sized burly guy that was rare to find in SAO walked
down the slope and entered the street area before finally stopping. He
swayed the armor on his body and turned around, and immediately
asked me instead of Asuna,
“Who told you about this?”
“Huh?”

I answered, and then immediately realized that he had left out the
taboo term ‘ring incident’, and cautiously answered,
“…I heard it from an ex-member of the «Golden Apple».”

The moment I said this, the thick eyebrows below the upright
short hair twitched.
“Who?”

At this moment, I hesitated for a moment. If Schmitt was the
perpetrator yesterday, he should have known that Kains and Yolko
were together. There was no point in hiding Yolko’s name now.
“Yolko-san.”

The moment I said that, the hulking man immediately looked like
he had lost his soul as he looked up, and then gave a long sigh. Fuu…
100

Sword Art Online Volume 8 – Early and Late
A Murder Case in the Area

I remained emotionless as my mind was thinking quickly. If his
reaction now was ‘relaxed’ like I thought, that must be because he
knew that Yolko and he were both ‘against selling the ring’.

What happened yesterday may have involved the ‘selling group’,
including Grimlock, taking revenge on the ‘opposing group’, and
Schmitt obviously had known about it. That was why he had declared
that he wasn’t going to hunt, but hide inside the safety of his guild
headquarters.

At this time, it’s unlikely that Schmitt was Kains’ murderer, but he
obviously had a motive. For example, the culprits in the ring incident
may be Kains and Schmitt, and Schmitt decided to kill him to prevent
word from being leaked. I wondered as I raised my question,

“Schmitt-san, do you know where Grimlock, the one who made
that short spear, is?”
“NO…NO IDEA!”

Schmitt shouted loudly as he shook his head vehemently.

“Ever since the guild disbanded, we never contacted each other. I
don’t even know if he’s alive!”
He said quickly as his sights continued to move and looked at the
streets. It was as if he was afraid that a short spear would suddenly fly
in from somewhere.
At this moment, Asuna, who had been keeping quiet up till now,
suddenly said in a steady voice,
“Schmitt-san. We’re not looking for the culprit who killed the
Golden Apple guild leader, but the one who started the incident

101

Sword Art Online Volume 8 – Early and Late
A Murder Case in the Area

yesterday…more correctly, we’re looking for what method the criminal
used to kill. This is to protect the peace inside the «Area» just like now.”
tone,

She paused for a short while, and then continued with a sterner

“…Unfortunately, the most suspicious person is the one who
created that spear…and the spouse of the guild leader, Grimlock-san. Of
course, someone may have deliberately made it seem that way, so we
have to talk to Grimlock-san to get this clear. If you know his
whereabouts or how to contact him, can you please tell us?”
Schmitt, who was being stared at with the light brown eyes,
backed his upper body. It looked like he was not used to talking to
female players, and of course, I’m the same.

He looked away and closed his mouth. If even Asuna’s direct
assault didn’t work, he really is a tough enemy. I thought as I wanted to
swallow my sigh, but soon,
“…I really don’t know where he is. But…”

Schmitt stammered and said,

“Grimlock really likes an NPC restaurant and would always be
there. Maybe he…”
“Re, really!?”

I leant my body forward and thought.

In Aincrad, eating can be said to be the only luxury. But at the
same time, it’s hard to find a flavor filled one from those cheap NPC
restaurants. Since he liked it to such an extent of going over every day,
it was hard for him not to go there in the long run. That’s because I had
my 3 meals from 3 different restaurants in a rotational manner. On a

102

Sword Art Online Volume 8 – Early and Late
A Murder Case in the Area

side note, those three doesn’t include that enigmatic restaurant we
went to just now.
“Then, please tell me the shop’s name…”

“I have a condition.”

Schmitt interrupted me.

“I can tell you, but I have a condition…let me meet Yolko.”
Asuna and I let Schmitt stop at a nearby equipment store, and
then started to discuss the condition.

“There…shouldn’t be any problems, right? What do you think?”

“Un, well…”

Asuna asked, but I couldn’t immediately answer and could only
ponder out loud.

If Schmitt —— or Yolko, who almost definitely couldn’t be the
killer in the inside circle incident yesterday, were to meet, they might
treat each other as someone to kill. Once they meet, one side might use
an «Inside area PK skill» to cause a new victim, and I couldn’t ignore
this possibility.

However, for that to happen, that party would have to equip a
weapon and use a sword skill. Such a motion would require opening a
window to set up equipment and pressing the OK button. No matter
how fast it is, it’ll take about 4, 5 seconds.

“…With us standing around to watch, there probably won’t be any
chance to PK. However —— if it’s not to PK, why did that Schmitt
request to meet Yolko-san today?”

103

Sword Art Online Volume 8 – Early and Late
A Murder Case in the Area

I move my arms aside, and Asuna seemed to be rather bothered.

“Who knows…don’t tell me…he’s been secretly admiring her…un,
probably not.”
“Eh, really!?”

I couldn’t help but look back at that stiff-looking Schmitt, but
Asuna immediately pulled my collar to prevent me from doing so.

“I said it’s not! Anyway…if there’s no danger, we just have to see if
Yolko-san’s willing. I’ll send a message to her to confirm.”
“O, okay then. I’ll leave it to you.”

Asuna opened her window and immediately hits the all-view
keyboard at a blazing speed. This ‘friend message’ was a convenient
function to contact a player far away, but it’s pointless if one only knew
the other party’s name, since the person had to log the other party as a
friend or a fellow guild member or a marriage partner. That’s why we
couldn’t use it to contact Grimlock. We can send an ‘instant message’
once we know the name, but both sides had to be on the same level,
and we couldn’t tell if the other party received the message or not.
Yolko seemed to answer instantly, and Asuna glanced at the
window that was not closed before nodding and saying,

“She said she’s okay with it. Then…it’s a little uneasy, but we
better bring the person over. The location will be the inn where Yolkosan is in.”
“Un. It’s too risky to let her come outside.”

I agreed, and finally manage to turn to look at Schmitt, who was
inside the equipment shop. Once he saw me make an OK sign, the
104

Sword Art Online Volume 8 – Early and Late
A Murder Case in the Area

heavily equipped hulking figure’s face showed an obvious relieved
expression.
The three of us moved from the 56th floor to the main street of
the 57th floor, Marten. Once we walked out from the blue transfer gate,
the streets had already been dyed by sunset.

There were many NPC and merchant players in the plaza with
stores and lined up with each other, and there were loud noises of
selling coming at us. Between the shops, there were many swordsmen
who were here to rest after a day’s worth of hard work. However, they
all obviously avoided a spot in the plaza, making the place look very
empty.

That place was the land facing the church. Of course, about 24
hours ago, the guy called Kains mysteriously died here. I forced myself
to look forward instead of looking over there, and started to move
down the path I walked yesterday.

A few minutes later, we arrived at the inn and headed up to the
second level. After a long walk down the corridor into the deepest
place, we arrived at Yolko’s room —— or rather, a room in which she
could hide inside.
I knocked the door and said “This is Kirito.”

There was an immediate response from inside the room, and I
turned the handle on the door. The lock that was set so that ‘only
friends can open’ let out a slight sound before opening.

After opening the door, I looked in to see the thing right in front
of the door, a set of matching sofas placed in the middle of the room,
105

Sword Art Online Volume 8 – Early and Late
A Murder Case in the Area

and Yolko sitting on one of them. She quickly stood up, swayed her
deep blue hair and bowed slightly.

I stood at the door, completely unmoving, looked at Yolko, and
then at Schmitt’s face that was right behind me before saying,

“Well…first, for safety reasons, I’m going to make this clear to
everyone. Both sides are not allowed to equip weapons nor open
windows. I hope you can abide by this. I know this may be unpleasant,
but please follow these ground rules.”
“…Okay.”

“I understand.”

Yolko said in a barely audible voice, and Schmitt answered in an
anxious voice. I slowly entered the room and lead Schmitt and Asuna in.
These two ex-«Golden Apple» guild members who may not have
met for a long time were only looking at each other silently.

Yolko and Schmitt used to be comrades of the same guild, but
right now, there must be a difference of about 20 levels between them.
Of course, the higher leveled member was definitely Schmitt, who
belonged to the clearing guild. However, from what I could see, this
strong spear user was a lot more tense than Yolko.
In fact, the one who spoke up first was also Yolko.

“…It’s been a while, Schmitt.”

She then smiled. Schmitt bit his lips hard first, and then answered
in a hoarse voice,
“…Un. I thought we wouldn’t meet again. Can I sit down?”

106

Sword Art Online Volume 8 – Early and Late
A Murder Case in the Area

Yolko nodded, and this fully-armored hulking figure walked over
to the other sofa while his armor is clanked noisily. I think this
shouldn’t be comfortable to sit in, but he had no intention of taking off
his armor.
I closed the room and checked that it was locked before standing
on the eastern side of where both of them sat, and Asuna stood
opposite me.

We booked the most luxurious room in the inn for Yolko, who we
had expect to stay in for a few days, so even with four people crowding
the room, it was still rather wide. The door is at the northern side of
the wall, and the west had another door leading to the bedroom. Also,
the east and south side each had a window.

The window on the south side was completely open, and the
breeze that carried the spring sunset blowed in freely through the
window. Of course, the window was protected by the system, and even
when someone opened it, nobody could enter. As this place is a lot
taller than the surrounding buildings, one could see the scene of a deep
purple street through the gaps of the white curtain.
The noise of the street that came in with the wind overwhelmed
Yolko’s slightly soft voice.

“Schmitt, I hear that you’re currently a member of the Divine
Dragons Alliance? That’s really amazing. The Divine Dragons Alliance is
considered an elite guild amongst the clearing group, right?”

I felt that this was a sincere praise, but Schmitt’s wrinkles near his
eyebrows became deeper. He said in a deep tone,
“What do you mean by that? Isn’t that too unnatural?”

107

Sword Art Online Volume 8 – Early and Late
A Murder Case in the Area

This abnormally direct answer caused me to frown, but Yolko
didn’t seem to be affected at all.

“How can that be? I just feel that after the guild disbanded, you
must have tried hard to level up. Kains and I gave up after having
difficulty leveling, so you’re really amazing compared to us.”

Yolko shook aside the deep blue hair that dangled on her
shoulders and smiled again.

She’s not as ridiculously fully equipped like Schmitt in full armor,
but Yolko was wearing quite a bit too. Her thick dress had a leather
vest, and she was wearing a purple velvet tunic. Her shoulders even
had a shawl on, and though they couldn’t be compared to metallic
armor, with so much clothing on, that should at least increase quite a
lot of defense. She looked rather calm right now, but deep inside, she
must be feeling anxious.

At this point, Schmitt couldn’t hide his nervousness as he leaned
forward in his armor and said,
“JUST FORGET ABOUT WHAT’S GOING ON WITH ME! MORE
THAN THAT…I want to ask about Kains.”
He suddenly hushed his voice and continued,

“Why is Kains still killed at this point? Did that guy…take the ring?
Is that guy the one who killed GA’s leader?”

I immediately understood that GA referred to Golden Apple, the
simplified term of calling the «Golden Apple» guild. However, these
words basically meant that he had nothing to do with the ring incident
and the inside area murder. If this was an act, he could really be an
actor.

108

Sword Art Online Volume 8 – Early and Late
A Murder Case in the Area

On hearing his muttering, Yolko’s expression finally showed some
change for once. She kept her smile and faced Schmitt head on before
saying,

“Impossible. Kains and I really respected the leader from the
bottom of our heart. The reason we were against selling the ring was
because it would be more pragmatic if we used it to increase the guild’s
battle strength instead of selling it in col. I think she would have the
same thoughts as us now.”
“Tha…that’s what I thought too. Don’t forget that I was against
selling the ring. Besides…it’s not that those against it had a motive to
steal it. Those who agreed to sell it…those guys who wanted the col,
someone amongst them may have wanted to gain all the profits from
the sale!”

He used his right hand that was protected by the metal gauntlet
to slap his own knee, and then cupped his head before saying,
“But…why did Grimlock still want to take action on Kains
now…does he want to kill off the three of us who were opposed to
selling the ring? Will you and I become his victims?”

——This doesn’t look like an act at all. To me, Schmitt’s agitated
side profile showed real fear.
In comparison to Schmitt, who was scared stiff, Yolko regained
her composure and said something to him.

“We still can’t confirm that Grimlock killed Kains. Maybe another
member requested him to make the short spear…or maybe…”

She turned her empty stare to the short table in front of the sofa
and muttered,

109

Sword Art Online Volume 8 – Early and Late
A Murder Case in the Area

“Maybe the leader is taking revenge on her own. Ordinary players
can’t possibly kill inside the area.”
“Wha…”

The muscular man opened his mouth and panted. Even I was
starting to feel a little scared when she said this.
Schmitt stared blankly at the smiling Yolko and said,

“But didn’t you just say that Kains didn’t take the ring away…”

Yolko didn’t answer immediately as she just stood up and took a
step to the right.

“I couldn’t sleep at all last night. I could only think. Speaking of
which, even though the one who killed the guild leader is someone in
the guild, but it could be all of us. When that ring drop appeared, there
wasn’t any need to vote. We could have just followed the guild leader’s
instructions. No, we should have just let her equip that ring. The leader
was the strongest swordsman amongst us, and she was the one who
could use the ring to the maximum ability. However, we couldn’t give
up on our selfish desire, and no one raised such a suggestion. Everyone
has been saying that we will one day let GA become part of the clearing
group, but no one was thinking about the guild. Everyone was only
hoping to make themselves stronger.”

After saying so many words, Yolko’s waist touched the frame of
the south window.
She prepared to sit on it and continued,

“Only one person, only Grimlock-san said to leave it to the leader.
That person gave up on his selfish desire and thought about the
development of the guild. That’s why that person became like this, and

110

Sword Art Online Volume 8 – Early and Late
A Murder Case in the Area

took revenge on us who can’t give up on our desires, and he has the
right to take revenge for the guild leader…”

The silence suddenly engulfed the room, and an icy night wind
swayed through the air inside the room.

Kachan kachan kachan, the weak sounds of metal ringing could
soon be heard. The source is the armor from the slightly trembling
Schmitt. This battle-hardened elite player looked down with a pale face
and muttered in a trance-like state,
“…Don’t kid around. Stop kidding around. Right now…it’s been
half a year…why now…”
GABAK! He straightened his upper body and suddenly shouts,

“CAN YOU ACCEPT THAT, YOLKO! YOU’VE BEEN WORKING
HARD TILL NOW! HOW CAN YOU JUST GET YOURSELF KILLED BY
SUCH AN UNKNOWN METHOD!”
Schmitt, Asuna and I were all staring at Yolko at the window.

This female player, with an illusionary presence around her, let
her stare roam through the air, seemingly thinking of how to answer
Schmitt’s question.

Soon after, her lips opened slightly, seemingly about to say
something——
At this moment.

TONN! A deep sound suddenly echoed through the room. At the
same time, Yolko widened her eyes and opened her mouth wide.

That slender body started to sway tremendously. She first took a
forceful step forward, and then staggered and spun before putting her
hand on the open window.

111

Sword Art Online Volume 8 – Early and Late
A Murder Case in the Area

At this moment, a strong gust of wind blew, and the long hair
behind Yolko swayed with it.
I saw an unbelievable thing.

A small black rod-shaped item poked out from the short, glossy,
purple tunic.
As it was too small, I couldn’t tell at the moment what that was.
But when I saw that the rod-shaped object was flashing red, I
immediately had a bad feeling about this.
“Ah…!”

Asuna let out an almost screaming gasp, and I instinctively rushed
over immediately.

But…

I reached my hand out and got ready to pull Yolko’s body over.

My fingers merely grazed the shawl, and Yolko’s body fell outside
the inn silently.
“YOLKO-SAN!”

Just as I shouted out and poked my body out of the window…

Yolko’s body fell down onto the stone just like that, and after a
bounce, was surrounded by a blue light effect.

BASHA! The sound of slight breaking could be heard immediately.
The polygons shrapnel expanded out with the exploding blue light——
A second later, an item could be heard landing clearly, leaving
only a black dagger on the road.

112

Sword Art Online Volume 8 – Early and Late
A Murder Case in the Area

Chapter 7
How is this possible!

At this moment, my mind suddenly shouted silently, and there
were a lot of reasons for this.

First, the guest room of the inn should be protected by the system.
Even if the window was open, there was absolutely no way for
someone to enter or throw it in successfully.

Also, it was really hard to believe that the small throwing dagger
could create a Continuous Pierce damage which could wear out a
medium-level player’s HP. It’s impossible for 5 seconds to have passed
from the moment the dagger hit Yolko to the time it disappeared.

This couldn’t be possibly happening. This killer’s method can’t be
considered an «Inside area PK». This was already a horrifying instant
death attack.

I held my breath and felt the absolutely chilling feeling on my
back and forced myself to look away from the stone floor where Yolko
had disappeared. I then looked up and widened my eyes like a camera
lens to look at the street scene opposite.
Finally, I saw it.

About 2 blocks away from the inn, there was a roof of a building
that was about as tall as this place.

A black figure stood over there with the deep purple sunset as a
background——

113

Sword Art Online Volume 8 – Early and Late
A Murder Case in the Area

The person was covered in a pitch black hooded robe, so it was
impossible to see the face. I squeezed out the term ‘death god’ from my
mind before shouting out,
“THAT BASTARD…!!”

I let my right leg step on the window sill and shouted back
without looking,
“Asuna, I’ll leave the rest to you!”

I then jumped towards the building that was separated from this
place by the street.

But even with a revised level in agility, it’s still reckless to jump
over 5m without running. I can’t use a landing, and only managed to
barely use an extended right hand at the last second to grab onto the
side of the roof. I then used my revised level in strength to pull up, spin
in the air and land on the roof. At this moment, Asuna’s anxious voice
immediately came from behind.
“YOU CAN’T. KIRITO-KUN!”

I understand clearly why she wanted to stop me. If I get hit by
that flying dagger, there’s a chance that I’ll die immediately.

However, I really can’t let the criminal who finally appeared go
just for the sake of my own safety.

I was the one who had said to protect Yolko’s safety. However, I
just thought in a very narrow manner that it’ll be alright if we hid
inside the inn, and never thought of what might possibly happen. If the
system could offer protection, then the street —— the «inside area»
should be considered a safe place. Since the enemy can PK inside the
114

Sword Art Online Volume 8 – Early and Late
A Murder Case in the Area

area, it’s naturally possible to let the protection in the inn fail. Why
didn’t I think about this?

Standing on the roof far away, the black robed guy has the wind
blowing hard at him, looking like he’s mocking this me who’s feeling
remorse.
“HOLD IT RIGHT…!”

I shouted and started to run forward again before drawing the
sword from my back. I can’t deal any damage with my sword on the
streets, but at least I can deflect the dagger he throws over.

I deliberately made sure my dashing speed didn’t slow down as I
continued to jump from this roof to the next one. The players walking
down below might think that I’m a madman showing off my agility in a
performance, but I don’t have time to care about such things as I
dragged the hem of my coat and continued to jump and rip through the
darkness.
The assassin in the hooded robe doesn’t seem like he intends to
escape or attack as he just watches me close in. As both of us are just
separated by 2 buildings, the assassin suddenly puts in right hand into
the clutches of the robe. I immediately hold my breath and move the
sword in front of me.
However…

He raises his hand out, and what he takes out isn’t a throwing
dagger. Under the color of the twilight, a familiar looking sapphire blue
suddenly appears in front of my eyes. It’s the teleport crystal——
“Damn it!”

115

Sword Art Online Volume 8 – Early and Late
A Murder Case in the Area

I cursed and use my left hand to draw out three throwing picks
with my left hand while dashing forward before throwing them all out
at one go. Of course, I am not intending to hurt him, but hoped to use
the instinctive dodging moment to slow down his chanting of the
command.
What’s vexing was that the enemy was abnormally calm. That
person didn’t seem to be in fear as he took the three throwing picks
flying over at him with silver light effects before casually raising the
teleport crystal.

The three throwing picks were all blocked by the purple system
wall in front of the hooded robe and immediately dropped onto the
roof. I thought at least I had to hear the enemy’s voice as I pricked my
ears. If I knew his destination, I could use the crystal to catch up.

But this plan failed as at the most critical moment, a loud
sounding bell could be heard throughout the streets of Marten.

My ears —— or more accurately, the hearing field was largely
occupied by the high decibel chime that indicated that it was 5 o’clock,
so I couldn’t hear the murderer say the command with the lowest
possible volume. The blue teleport light appeared, and the pitch black
hooded robe’s profile vanished in front of me, who had already moved
just one street away from him.
“…Ugh!”

I couldn’t shout out anything at all, and I raised the sword in my
right hand, continuing to move to the place that guy was standing at.
The purple light scattered, and in the middle of my sights, all I could
see were the words of the system, «Immortal Object».
116

Sword Art Online Volume 8 – Early and Late
A Murder Case in the Area

117

Sword Art Online Volume 8 – Early and Late
A Murder Case in the Area

I left the roof and switched roads to return to the inn, stopped at
where Yolko disappeared on the road, and looked at the pitch black
throwing dagger.

Just a few minutes ago, a female player died here. I couldn’t
believe this no matter what. To me, a player’s death was an outcome
where the player tried all sorts of hard work and all sorts of dodging
counters, only for them to be not enough. Something such as a killing
method that was impossible to dodge at that moment shouldn’t
possibly exist.

I bent down to pick up that dagger. It was small, but basically
made of the same kind metal, and felt quite heavy. The shaver-like
thing blade had shark teeth-like reverse spikes on it. That’s right, this is
a weapon created with the same kind of ideal as the short spear that
had killed Kains.
If I stabbed this thing into my body now, would my HP drop
drastically? I’m really driven by this urge to experiment, but I closed
my eyes tight to remove this impulse from my mind and entered the
inn.

I walked up to the second level, knocked on the door and said my
name. KACHINK, the system’s lock rang emptily as the door opened.

Asuna had already drawn her rapier. Once she saw that it was me,
she gave a complicated agitated yet relieved look as she kept her
volume down to the minimum to shout at me,
“IDIOT! DON’T BE SO RECKLESS!”

Fuu. She sighed out long and kept her volume down further
before continuing.
“…Then…what about that?”

118

Sword Art Online Volume 8 – Early and Late
A Murder Case in the Area

I slightly shook my head.

“I couldn’t catch him. He used teleport to get away. I couldn’t even
tell whether it was a guy or a girl whether it’s from face or voice.
Well…if it’s Grimlock, I guess it’s a guy…”
It’s impossible for people of the same gender to get married in
SAO. If the leader of Golden Apple was a female, Grimlock, who’s
married to her, would naturally be a guy. And if this is something I had
to think hard about, it’s really useless. In fact, about 80 percent of SAO
players are male.
As for these words that weren’t very meaningful in the first
place——

Cringing his large body on the sofa as tightly as possible, Schmitt
inadvertently made a response as he let out a metallic sound. Kachank
kachank.
“…That’s not right.”

“Not right…what’s not right?”

Schmitt didn’t look at Asuna, but lowered his head even further
and groaned,
“It’s not him. That person…the black robe standing on the roof
isn’t Grimlock. Grim is a lot taller, and…and…”

Asuna and I held our breaths in anticipation of the words he was
about to say next.

“That hooded robe is something that belongs to the leader of the
GA. She would normally dress up in such a concealing manner
whenever she walks down the streets. That’s right…she was wearing
that when she went to sell the ring! That person…that person just now

119

Sword Art Online Volume 8 – Early and Late
A Murder Case in the Area

was her. She came to take revenge on all the members here. That’s the
leader’s ghost.”

Haha, hahaha. Suddenly, a laugh caused me to look away from the
dagger.

“If it’s a ghost, everything is possible then, and PK inside the area
will be a piece of cake. We might as well get the leader to beat the last
boss in SAO. If there’s no HP right at the beginning, it’s impossible for
her to die anyway.

Haha, hahaha. Schmitt continued to let out such a hysterical laugh.
I threw the black dagger in my hand onto the table in front of him.

GONK! A deep sound rang out, seemingly snapping the switch in
Schmitt as the laughter stopped. He stared at this jagged blade that was
giving off a vicious presence for a few seconds——
“Hii…”

The muscular guy flung his upper body back, and I kept my
volume down and said,

“It’s not a ghost. This dagger really exists. It’s just a program code
written into the SAO server. It’s the same as the short spear you put
inside the storage. If you don’t believe it, you can take this dagger and
check on it however you want.”
“No, no thanks! You can have the spear back too!”

Schmitt shouted, opened his menu window, mispressed with his
trembling fingers a few times before finally materializing the black
short spear. The weapon that appeared in the window seemed like it
was tossed aside as it landed beside the dagger.
120

Sword Art Online Volume 8 – Early and Late
A Murder Case in the Area

The giant cuddled his head again, and Asuna said to him in a
gentle voice,

“…Schmitt-san, I feel that it wasn’t a ghost too. That’s because if
Aincrad has ghosts, it won’t be just the ghost of the Golden Apple
leader. The 3,500 people who died up till now will all be unhappy. Am I
right?”
That’s the case, and I feel this way too. Even if it’s me, I had the
confidence that if I died here, I’d feel really unhappy and materialize as
a ghost. I believe that only the leader of the KoB would be the kind of
person who’d accept this fate and become a Buddha.

However, Schmitt continued to keep his head down as he swayed.

“You…don’t know her. That person…Griselda is extremely fierce
and always determined…however, she’s also extremely strict to
injustice and craftiness. She might be a lot fiercer than you, Asuna-san.
That’s why, if someone set a trap and killed her…Griselda would
definitely not forgive them, even if she had to become a ghost to deal
judgment to that person…”
Outside this locked window, which Asuna probably locked, the
sun was about to set. The street lights that were lit at several points
should be the places where the players found lodging and caused the
streets to buzz. But unbelievably, the noise seemed to avoid this room.

I took a deep breath and broke the silence that covered the entire
room.

“…If you believe that’s the case, fine, but I definitely won’t. These
two ‘inside area murder incidents’ definitely have some form of system
logic. I’ll definitely find it and prove it to you…and you’re to follow our
agreement and help us.”

121

Sword Art Online Volume 8 – Early and Late
A Murder Case in the Area

“Hel…help?”

“Didn’t you say that you are going to tell us the shop Grimlock
often went to? Right now, this is the only clue we have. If we watch him
for several days, we’ll definitely find him.”

To be honest, even if we found that Grimlock who had created
that black short spear and probably the dagger beside it, I had no idea
what to do next. We’re not the ‘army’, and we couldn’t possibly lock
him up.

However, those words Yolko said before she was killed —— ‘that
person took revenge on us who can’t give up on our desires, and he has
the right to take revenge for the guild leader’. If it’s just like what Yolko
said, Grimlock may have wanted to take revenge on everyone who was
against selling the ring, or probably even wanted to take revenge on all
the members. And the motive would be the strong feelings of a
husband to the deceased leader.

Then, if we could meet and talk seriously, there might be a change.
Right now, we could only bet on such a possibility.

On hearing my words, Schmitt lowered his head, but soon got up
heavily from the chair. He walked to the writing table beside the wall,
took the parchment and the feather pen that was already prepared
before writing the name and location of the shop.

I looked at the back profile and suddenly thought of something. I
then asked,

“Ah, also, please write down the names of all the members in the
original Golden Apple guild. I’ll go over to the «Monument of Life» to
check the survivors later.”

122

Sword Art Online Volume 8 – Early and Late
A Murder Case in the Area

The giant nodded silently again and continued writing for a few
seconds.
Soon after that, he took up the written piece of parchment with
one hand and handed it to me, saying,

“…It’s embarrassing as a player of a clearing group, but…I don’t
have the mood to go out for now. Please remove me from the boss
conquest parties too, and…”

The will that was once in him has completely disappeared as
what was left was a blank expression. The spear user who was a part of
the Divine Dragons Alliance leadership said softly,
“…Next, please send me back to the DDA headquarters.”

Neither Asuna nor I could mock Schmitt for such a cowardly
action.

We have the terrified giant in the middle as we moved from the
inn on the 57th level, through the transfer gate, and down to the main
headquarters on the 56th level. Asuna and I never stopped looking
around at the dark corners. If there was someone with a hood or robe
that was unrelated to this appearing out of a sudden at this point, both
of us might have subconsciously rushed over.

Even after going through the gates of the headquarters, Schmitt
never showed a relieved look. I saw his back profile scamper into the
building and sighed.
I exchanged looks with Asuna who was beside me for a while,
“…I’m really regretting…what happened to Yolko-san…”

Asuna whispered these words as she bit her lips. I answered back
with a hoarse voice ‘yeah’.

123

Sword Art Online Volume 8 – Early and Late
A Murder Case in the Area

In truth, Yolko’s death brought me several times more shock than
Kains’. My mind continued to recall her falling down the window, and I
continued,
“To be honest, up till now, it was like we were sailing on a
boat…but we can’t do that now. Even if it’s for her sake, we have to
solve this case —— I’m going near that restaurant to ambush. What
about you, Asuna?”

On hearing my question, Asuna immediately lifted her head and
answered clearly,
“Of course I’m going too. Let’s investigate the truth.”
“…Is that so? Then, please guide me through.”

To be honest, I really hesitated on whether I should continue to
let Asuna accompany me. If we continued to get involved in this case, it
wouldn’t be surprising if we were targeted by Grimlock and became his
next targets.

But Asuna quickly turned around to seemingly interrupt my
hesitation and headed to the transfer gate. I took a deep breath of the
cold night air and exhaled it out before following the chestnut-colored
hair.

124

Sword Art Online Volume 8 – Early and Late
A Murder Case in the Area

Chapter 8
The shop recorded on Kains’ memo was a small bar located in the
lower region of the main streets of the 20th floor. This shop that’s
hidden on the sidepath didn’t give the look that there would be dishes
‘that one can eat without getting sick of’.
However, the fact is that there would be lots of delicious meals in
these kind of shops, and I finally managed to control my impulse to
rush into the shop and order all the dishes inside. If Grimlock was that
assassin in the hooded robe, he should have seen my face. If he
discovered me first, he might not be coming to this shop.
Asuna and I hid in a cover nearby and watched the surroundings,
and we found that there was an inn we could look into the bar in
question. We immediately rushed through the gaps in the crowd, into
the inn opposite the street, and rented a room on the second level.
As expected, we could clearly see what went on at the bar
entrance. We kept the lights off, moved two chairs over to the window
and sat next to each other to start watching.
But soon after, Asuna ‘hey’ frowned and called me.

“…It’s good that we’re serious here, but we have no idea what
Grimlock looks like.”

“Ahh, that’s why I wanted to get Schmitt to come along right at
the beginning, but it couldn’t be helped when we see him like
this…however, I managed to see the player under the hood who looks
like Grimlock from close range. If we find a guy who’s tall and muscular,
125

Sword Art Online Volume 8 – Early and Late
A Murder Case in the Area

we can use a duel request to invite him in, even though that might be
reckless.”
“Eh?”

On hearing this, Asuna widened her eyes and increased her
volume.

In SAO, as long as our stares were focused on other players, there
would be a green or orange information indicator—«Color Cursor».
But for the players we meet for the first time, we’d only see the HP bar;
the name and levels couldn’t be seen.

Of course, these are all sorts of anti-crime prevention measures.
For example, if someone knows of that player’s name, that player may
get harassing messages from people misusing the Instant Message
function. If it’s easy for the level to be discovered by others, the lowerlevel players would be treated as prey on the streets and stalked, and it
would be very easy for people to be robbed or harassed or all sorts of
things in weird areas.
However, it’s because we couldn’t see other people’s names that
trying to track people became a little more troublesome. If I wanted to
know the name of a player I’m meeting for the first time, there was
only one way, a 1vs1 duel. In other words, a duel request.
If I pressed the duel button on the menu window, used the colorcursor in choosing mode to designate the target, and my sights
immediately showed a «You’ve requested a 1vs1 duel with someone».
If I looked at it again, I’ll know the proper English name of the enemy.

However, the other party’s sights would immediately see that I
sent a duel request from here. Thus, it’s impossible for me to not reveal
my name as I investigated the name of the other player, and such an act

126

Sword Art Online Volume 8 – Early and Late
A Murder Case in the Area

is completely rude in the first place. In that case, it’s very likely that the
enemy would draw his weapon to take this challenge. On hearing my
words, Asuna opened her mouth, looking like she was about to say
something—probably something that meant ‘it’s dangerous’ or
something.

However, Asuna quickly closes her mouth and nods seriously. She
probably understands that there’s no other way, and what she says
next next—
too.”

“…But if you’re going to talk with Grimlock-san, I’m coming along

On hearing her say this, I could only force myself to swallow my
words to make her stay inside this room.

I could only nod my head hesitatingly and check the time. It’s
6.40pm, about the time for players to return to the street areas to have
dinner as things get bustling. The bar in question looked rather normal,
but the Swing-Door continued to shake freely. However, I never saw a
player that was tall and muscular and looked like the hooded robe I
saw.

We can only bet on this shop that has become the last clue, but
there was some concern we still couldn’t ignore. In the inn on the 57th
floor, Schmitt muttered before that ‘the black robe standing on the roof
isn’t Grimlock. Grim is a lot taller’–even though I doubt that this might
be a mistake in judgment on Schmitt’s part due to fear, but if this is the
fact, such surveillance is pointless and we wouldn’t be able to find him.

I’ll be looking at the swing-door of this bar that has a hidden
famed restaurant’s atmosphere for the entire night without being able
to eat…

127

Sword Art Online Volume 8 – Early and Late
A Murder Case in the Area

On thinking about this, I couldn’t help but press against my
stomach.

Immediately after, something reached out in front of my eyes. It’s
something wrapped in white paper and giving off a thick aroma. I
couldn’t help but look at this thing, and Asuna continued to stare in the
direction of the bar as she simply said, ‘for you’. I instinctively asked to
check.
“…For, for me?”

“Who else do you think I can give it to in this situation? Do you
think I’m boasting?”
“No, it’s not that. I’m wrong. I’ll take it then.”

I pull my neck back and quickly received the paper bag. I glanced
over at Asuna and found that she continued her surveillance, skilfully
materializing another similar looking item.

I happily unwrapped the paper, and found a large sand baguette
inside. I stared blankly at the inside of the bread that’s suitably baked
and was stuffed with vegetables and roasted meat, and Asuna said with
a calm voice,
“The durability value is going to run out. It’ll disappear soon, so
it’s best that you hurry up and eat it.”
“Eh, ah, okay, itadakimasu!”

I hear that it’s going to vanish soon, which meant that there won’t
be much time to space out. The durability value of a food item is
normally very low unless special ingredients are used. I have
experienced having the bentos I was going to try disappear from my
hands. The only method was to put it into an «Eternal Preserving

128

Sword Art Online Volume 8 – Early and Late
A Murder Case in the Area

Trinket» that only a master-class craftsman could make, and the food
that’s put inside would never disappear even when carried to the field.
However, the sad thing is that this small box can only be packed with
two nuts.
Thus, I quickly opened my mouth at the fastest speed possible
and took a bite off the sand baguette and enjoyed that chewing feeling
for the time being. The taste was simple, though a little stimulating,
making me want to continue biting. The durability of the food did not
affect the flavour. As long as the food existed, the taste would never
change at all.

I stared at the entrance of the bar and quickly finished off this
large sand baguette before letting out a sigh of satisfaction. I looked at
Asuna, who was elegantly chewing beside me, and indicated my thanks
before asking,

“Thanks for that. Speaking of which, when did you buy a bento?
We went by the roadside stalls just now, but there was nothing so good
being sold, you know?”
“Didn’t I say that the durability was about to finish? It’s because I
thought about this that I already prepared it this morning.”

“Heh…as expected of the person in charge of the KoB clearing
group. I never thought of eating at all…oh yeah, which shop is this
from?”

The sand baguette with the suitably baked bread with vegetables
and roast meat in between was a rather high ranking dish amongst my
famous shops list. During this time, I’ll have this during the clearing. I
thought about this as I deliberately asked, but Asuna shrugged her
shoulders slightly and gave an answer I was rather surprised by.
129

Sword Art Online Volume 8 – Early and Late
A Murder Case in the Area

“It’s not sold.”
“Eh?”

“Not sold by shops.”

Why must there be silence now? Why aren’t you saying anything?
I tilted my head to think for a while before realizing. Since it’s not
bought from an NPC shop, she must have made it herself, this KoB subleader.

I spaced out for about 10 seconds before discovering a small
crisis. Damn it, what should I say? I already felt awkward ignoring
Asuna’s get-up in the morning. I couldn’t repeat this here now.

“Eh…erm, how to put it…eh, it’s a waste to finish it like this. Oh
yeah, I might as well auction it at the Algade market. Probably can earn
a lot there hahaha.”

GANK! Asuna used her white leather boots to kick the chair hard,
causing me to straighten my back and tremble. The tense few minutes
pass by, and Asuna finished her share before saying softly,
“…He didn’t come here.”

“Eh, u, un. Yeah. But according to Schmitt’s words, it doesn’t seem
that he comes around every night. And if that black robed guy was
Grimlock, he wouldn’t feel like eating after PKing…we probably have to
wait for another 2, 3 days.”
After speaking quickly, I stood up to check the time again. Only 30
minutes had passed since we started watching, but I was already
mentally prepared to wait for Grimlock to appear no matter how long
it took, but I wonder what her excellency, the sub-leader thought.

130

Sword Art Online Volume 8 – Early and Late
A Murder Case in the Area

As I thought about this and turned my eyes to her, I found that
Asuna, who was leaning deeply into the back of the chair, had no
intention of getting up.

…Don’t tell me the words I just said was interpreted as ‘we’ll stay
here for two, three days’? As I thought about this while my palms got
sweaty, Asuna again whispered,
“I say, Kirito-kun.”
“Ye…yes!”

The words that were said next were fortunately—or not, different
from what I thought.

“What about you? If you were a member of the Golden Apple guild
and got a super rare drop, what would you say?”
“……”

I spaced out and ponder for several seconds before saying,

“…You’re right. I’ve always hated such trouble, which was why
I’ve been fighting solo…in those MMO games I played before SAO, I
once experienced seeing other people hiding rare drops or keeping all
the profits of the sale to themselves, causing the guild to break up…”

The main motivation for MMO players, basically, is mostly to get
that sense of superiority, and I can’t deny that. The simplest way to get
this sense of superiority is to be ‘strong’; through training of the
strength and using powerful rare equipment to beat monsters or other
players. This feeling of exhilaration as a player, to put it radically, can
only be experienced in net-games. Right now, the reason why I will
continue to train hard for long periods is undoubtedly to be called a
member of the ‘clearing group’ and get respected by others.

131

Sword Art Online Volume 8 – Early and Late
A Murder Case in the Area

If I’m in a certain guild, and during a party play, we get a very
outstanding piece of equipment—and if there’s someone suited to
equip such a thing in the guild.
Will I say something like ‘You should have this’?
“…Probably not.”

I whispered this out and shook my head.

“I won’t say to my allies that I want it, but I am not a saint who’ll
smile and hand it over to the other players. That’s why…if I’m a
member of the Golden Apple, I’ll agree with auctioning it out. What
about you, Asuna?”
I asked, and Asuna immediately answered without hesitation,
“It’ll belong to the one who beat it.”

“Heh?”

“For us in KoB, we follow such a rule. Any item that’s randomly
dropped in a party play would belong to that lucky person who picked
it. SAO doesn’t have a Combat Log process, so we can only declare what
items we get. This is the only method to avoid the hassle to having to
hide things, and also…”

At this moment, she paused. She’s still looking at the entrance of
the inn, but Asuna’s expression wasn’t that stern anymore.

“...It’s because of this kind of system that the responsibility of
‘marriage’ in this year is so big. Once married, both people’s item
storage will be linked together, right? In that case, what treasure that
can be easily hidden can’t be hidden once married. On the other hand,
if someone once hid a rare item he picked up, he can’t get married to a
132

Sword Art Online Volume 8 – Early and Late
A Murder Case in the Area

member of his own guild. The «Storage Link» is actually a rather
pragmatic system, but I feel it’s rather romantic.”

That tone of hers really has a sense of longing. I couldn’t help but
blink a few times. Then I don’t know why I even got excited all of a
sudden as I said in an excited voice without thinking much,

“Is, is that so. I see. The, then, if I party with you next time, Asuna,
I definitely won’t hide any drops I get.”

GATAN! With that sound, Asuna immediately fell back together
with the chair.

As the room was not lit, I can’t see her face, but I can see some
expressions on «The Flash»‘s face while under the blue and white light.
She finally raised her right hand and yelled,

“Do…don’t be stupid! Such a day won’t happen in ten years! Ah, I,
I’m talking about partying with you! I say, are, are you seriously
watching? What’ll happen if you lose him!”
GA—after such an outburst, Asuna suddenly turned right, even I,
who hadn’t looked away from the bar even during the conversation,
was more or less hurt. But as I wanted to argue back ‘I’m looking’, I
suddenly thought of something.
That ring that caused the Golden Apple to collapse; when it
dropped at first, whose storage did it end up in?

Right now, this might not be important, but if the person killed
the leader and took the ring away, wouldn’t it be a lot simpler to hide
the ring right at the beginning? In other words, the one who declared
the drop is the only player who couldn’t possibly be the one who killed
the leader.
133

Sword Art Online Volume 8 – Early and Late
A Murder Case in the Area

134

Sword Art Online Volume 8 – Early and Late
A Murder Case in the Area

On thinking that I should have asked Schmitt more about this, I
couldn’t help but frown. Asuna and I never registered Schmitt as a
friend, so we couldn’t send a message to him to check with him. We can
send instant messages to each other even though we’re not friends if
we just know each other’s names, but this kind of message couldn’t be
sent on the same level, and the number of words I can type were rather
little.

I’ll just ask him the next time we meet. We’re not looking into the
‘ring incident’ half a year ago, but the ongoing «Inside area PK». I
wondered as I continued to take out the parchment Schmitt wrote to
me.

I said to Asuna, who was giving an incredulous look from the side,
‘don’t look away from the bar for now’, and checked the names of all
the Golden Apple members listed on the parchment.
Griselda, Grimlock, Schmitt, Yolko, Kains…the names were
written in messy alphabets, and amongst them, 3 are no longer in this
floating castle.

We can’t have any more victims. We definitely must find Grimlock
and find out how the inside area murders took place.

I told myself this in my heart and got ready to keep the
parchment into the item storage.

But just when the small lambskin was about to change from the
materialized item into a name in the system—
My stare was suddenly sucked by a point on the parchment.
“…Eh…?”

135

Sword Art Online Volume 8 – Early and Late
A Murder Case in the Area

I hurriedly pulled my eyes near the lambskin, and the Detail
Focus System started to take effect, causing the details on the words of
the lambskin to increase.
“…Wha, what’s this…”

On hearing me mutter, Asuna, who was still staring at the inn,
asked something,
“What is it?”

However, I didn’t have the mind to answer her question as I
merely thought of the significance and the reason of this situation in
front of me, and then tried to deduce the intention.
—Several seconds later.
“Ah…ahhh…!”

I shouted as I kicked the chair before getting up. The parchment
in my right hand shook violently in response to the shock I got.
“I see…so that’s how it is!”

I pant and shouted, and Asuna gave a doubtful, impatient and
anxious voice.
“What? You discovered something!?”

hard.

“We…we…”

I squeeze my hoarse voice from my throat and closed my eyes

“…We didn’t see the truth. We thought we saw it, but we didn’t.
For the «Inside area murders»—weapons, skills, logic never existed in
the first place!!”
136

Sword Art Online Volume 8 – Early and Late
A Murder Case in the Area

Chapter 9
This is what I heard later on.
The player of the clearing group, Schmitt, who was the leader of
the DDA Heavy Armor warriors «Defender» group, didn’t think of
sleeping nor taking off his heavy metal armor even after returning to
his room in the headquarters of his own guild.

His room was located deep inside the stone pal—a fort might be
more suitable—and the walls on all four sides had no windows.
Actually, nobody other than the guild members could enter the guild
headquarters thanks to the system, so it was rather safe for him if he
stayed inside the room. Though he told himself this, he couldn’t look
away from the door.
Will the doorknob silently turn the moment he looks away? Will
the death god in the hooded robe glide in like a shadow and
unknowingly stand behind him?

The people around him thought that he was a brave tank fighter,
but the biggest motivation as to why Schmitt has been fighting hard to
maintain his ability amongst the top few in the clearing group was that
‘he was scared of death’.

On a certain day about a year and a half ago, after this death game
started, he was pondering hard in the middle of the plaza in the
Starting City. No, he was bewildered. He wondered what he should do
so as to not die. The best means was to stay inside the Starting City and

137

Sword Art Online Volume 8 – Early and Late
A Murder Case in the Area

not leave. All the main streets were protected by the «Anti-Criminal
Code» absolutely, so if he stayed inside, the digitalized life—the HP bar
would not drop at all.

But, Schmitt, who was a netgamer and a sportsman in real life,
understood clearly that the rules would change. Could he conclude
definitely that the SAO rule where the «city is the safest area» would
last forever—until the game was completely cleared? What if on one
day, it wouldn’t be like an ‘inside area’ incident, and all the gates had
large numbers of monsters rushing in like an avalanche? The players
who never left the Starting City without even earning a single
experience point would be unable to do anything other than move
about in a helter-skelter manner.
That’s why, in order to survive, he still had to become stronger.
He also had to use safe means and must not take any risks.

Having been bothered over this for the entire day, Schmitt finally
chose to ‘become sturdy’.

First, he went to the weapons store and bought the strongest
armor and shield he could afford and used the remaining money to buy
a polearm. He then went to the north gate of the city, found a party that
focused the most on safety amongst the numerous parties gathering
players and joined them. The first time he went to hunt was to have ten
people gather to kill the weakest monster in SAO, the small wild boar.
After that, Schmitt spent a long time to hunt in order to make up
for experience and continued to increase in level. The increase in levels
were obviously far less than the beaters who were gathered in small
groups or fighting solo and carrying out high-risk hunting, but the
insistent philosophy towards being ‘sturdy’ cause him to finally

138

Sword Art Online Volume 8 – Early and Late
A Murder Case in the Area

become a leader of the strongest guild in the clearing groups, the
«Divine Dragons Alliance».

Thanks to his hard work, Schmitt now can be said to be amongst
the strongest in Aincrad in terms of HP, equipment defences and the
defensive skills he trained.

He believed that if he was holding the large Guard Lance with his
right hand and the Tower Shield in his left hand, he would be able to
hang on for 30 minutes even if three monsters of the same level as him
attacked from the front. Schmitt just wondered if those people wearing
leather armor that was like paper and using offensive-oriented
weapons and skills for damage dealing—like a certain black solo player
he met several minutes ago—were all weirdos with something wrong
in their minds. In fact, amongst all the character builds, the ones with
the lowest death rate are really the tanks with sturdy armor. Of course,
they lacked the ability to exterminate enemies, so they had to join large
parties.
Schmitt, who already had what’s considered the «Strongest
Defense», could finally shake off the ‘fear of death’ that had been
affecting him. That should be the case.
However—

Right now, there was a killer who could nullify large HP, armor
abilities, defensive skills and all sorts of protection the system could
provide. Also, this guy was targeting him.

A ghost—of course, he never actually believed that it was a ghost.

No, he couldn’t affirm that now. Right now, even the absolute law
of the «Anti-Criminal Code» was being bypassed like a black mist by
that death god, who used a small short spear and a dagger to take away

139

Sword Art Online Volume 8 – Early and Late
A Murder Case in the Area

the lives of others. Wasn’t that the electronic ghost created by ‘that
woman’ when she was killed and sent her grudge through the Nerve
Gear?

If that’s the case, no matter how strong the fort’s walls were, how
heavy the locks were, or how impenetrable the headquarters of the
guild was, none of them would have any effect.

That person will definitely come. She will definitely come over
while I’m sleeping and kill me. She’ll use the third jagged weapon to
stab me and take my life.

Schmitt sat on the bed, using the silver gauntlets to cover his head
and pondered.
To escape from her revenge, there was only one path left.

He had to beg for forgiveness. He had to kneel on the ground with
his forehead touching the ground to beg for forgiveness and let its
vengefulness disperse. He had to personally admit his guilt—half a
year ago, he had tried to get stronger. No, he tried to get sturdier, and
tried to get into a stronger guild, but made a single mistake—and really
regretted it. If he did this, even if the other person was really a ghost, it
will forgive me. I was just possessed at that moment. I was captivated
by the words of that person and committed such a small crime—no, it
can’t be considered a crime, just a little rudeness. I didn’t expect such a
tragedy to occur.

Schmitt swayed slightly and stood up, opened the storage, took
out one of the teleport crystals, that were as many as the hills which he
would use in emergencies, and materialized it into an object. He
clenched it with his right hand in a weak manner, took a deep breath
and whispers in a hoarse voice.

140

Sword Art Online Volume 8 – Early and Late
A Murder Case in the Area

“Transfer…«Ralback»”

His sights were covered by the blue light, and the moment the
lights became thin, he was already standing in the midst of the night.

It’s past 22:00, and this was a cleared level. There didn’t seem to
be any other players at the transfer gate plaza of the 19th floor. The
surrounding shops all had their shutters pulled down, and there were
no NPCs walking outside at all. There was a feeling that he wasn’t
inside the area, but standing inside the field.
Until half a year ago, the «Golden Apple» was still at a corner of
this village, and had a small little guild home here. What should be a
very familiar scene here made Schmitt feel like the entire village was
resisting him.

The body under the thick armor trembled, and Schmitt continued
to walk out of the village, letting his legs, that seemed to be too tired,
move forward.

His destination was a small hill that was a 20 minute walk from
the main streets. Of course, it would be ‘outside the area’, and the AntiCriminal Code wouldn’t be in effect. However, Schmitt had a huge
reason to go there. He had to go there to let that black-robed death god
forgive him. There was no other way.
Schmitt looked like he was dragging his feet as he climbed up the
hill, and looked far away at the things that seemed to be standing
under the shrubs, and his body trembled intensely.

It was a stone-made tombstone, eroded by wind and covered with
moss, the grave of the «Golden Apple», the dead swordswoman
Griselda. The moonlight that seemed to be basking down from
somewhere imprinted the cross-shaped sign onto the ground. The

141

Sword Art Online Volume 8 – Early and Late
A Murder Case in the Area

night wind that would occasionally blow by from time to time blew
into the wilted wood, letting out a rustling cry.

The trees and the tombstone here should be just an ordinary
landmark, and it was a scenery-like decoration the designer had
casually set up. However, several days after Griselda was killed, and
when the Golden Apple had been disbanded, the remaining seven
people decided to use this place as her tomb and buried her long sword
here—or more accurately, put it at the bottom of the tombstone and let
its durability decrease such that it would disappear naturally.

That was why the tombstone didn’t have an inscription on it. But
if he wanted to confess his sins to Griselda, this would be the only place.
Schmitt wordlessly knelt down, almost rolling as he crawled in
front of the tomb.

He put his forehead on the ground that was mixed with sand, his
teeth grit a few times before he could finally open his open it with all
he had, saying in an unexpectedly clear voice,

“I’m sorry…it’s my fault…forgive me, Griselda! I…I, didn’t expect
things to end up like this…I had never thought of killing you!!”
『Really…?』

A voice could be heard with a strange echo. It sounded like a
woman’s voice from the ground.

Trying his best not to let his consciousness waver, Schmitt timidly
looked up.
142

Sword Art Online Volume 8 – Early and Late
A Murder Case in the Area

Deep inside the shadows of the twisted tree branches, there was a
black-clothed shadow that appeared silently. It was covered in a pitch
black hooded robe, its sleeves down, and it was impossible to see what
was inside the hood in the darkness.

However, Schmitt felt a sharp stare coming from there and used
both hands to cup his mouth that was about to let out a cry tightly
before hurriedly nodding a few times.

“It…it’s true. I didn’t know anything! I just…just followed orders,
just…a little thing…”
『What did you do…? What did you do to me, Schmitt…?』
Slowly, Schmitt used his widened eyes to look at a thin and long
black line that reached out from the right sleeve of the robe.

It was a sword, but extremely fine. It was a one-handed sword
almost no one used, the close-ranged piercing-type weapon «Estoc».
The blade that looked like a large needle had lots of spikes that were
rounded in a spiral shape.
The third «Spiked weapon».

Hiiii!! The soft whimper came from deep within his throat.
Schmitt put his forehead down onto the ground for the umpteenth time.

“I…I just…on the day we had decided to sell the ring, I found a
memo and a crystal in my belt pouch…and there was an instruction……”
『Who was it, Schmitt?』

143

Sword Art Online Volume 8 – Early and Late
A Murder Case in the Area

This time, it was a man’s voice.
『Whose instruction was it…?』

The stiff neck cringed again, and Schmitt just looked frozen.

He tried forcefully to lift that metal-like heavy head and glanced
over. The second death god appeared near the shadows of the trees. He
had the same design on him, wearing a black hooded robe, but was just
slightly taller than the first one.
“…Grimlock…?”

Lowering his head slightly, Schmitt whimpers with what was
barely a voice.
“You’re…you’re dead too……?”

The death god didn’t answer, but wordlessly stepped forward.
From under the hood, an ominous and distorted voice could be heard.
『Who…who instigated you…?』

“I…I DON’T KNOW! IT’S TRUE!!”

Schmitt frantically shouted out.

“THE MEMO…THE MEMO JUST WROTE THAT I WAS TO FOLLOW
THE LEADER…THAT WHEN SHE MOVED INTO THE INN AND WENT
OUT OF HER ROOM TO EAT, I WAS TO SECRETLY PUT THE TRANSFER
CRYSTAL AT A SPOT INSIDE HER ROOM AND, AND PUT THE CRYSTAL
INTO THE GUILD STORAGE. THAT, THAT’S ALL THAT WAS
WRITTEN…I, I ONLY DID THIS! I DIDN’T TOUCH GRISELDA AT ALL!
THA…THAT PERSON ACTUALLY STOLE THE RING AND KILLED HER…I,
I DIDN’T THINK THIS WOULD HAPPEN AT ALL!”
144

Sword Art Online Volume 8 – Early and Late
A Murder Case in the Area

Just when Schmitt was defending himself, the two death gods
remained unmoved. The night wind blew by, causing the wilted plants
and robes to sway.

The fear continued to rise up in Schmitt’s mind as he approached
his limit, and immediately, he recalled.

On that day half a year ago, he took out the parchment from his
belt pouch, and the moment he saw it, he felt that it was really reckless
and was shocked by it, and yet amazed by such an ingenious method.

The room in the inn would normally be locked, but aside from the
time for sleeping, anyone who was designated as a friend or a guild
member could open it. He could use this point to set the transfer
crystal inside the room and enter while the owner of the room was
sleeping. He just needed to use the trade function to move the hand of
the other party to drag the ring and press the confirm button.

There was a risk that the person would be accidentally
discovered, but Schmitt’s instincts told him that this was the only way
to steal an item inside the area. The last part of the memo noted that
the reward would be half of the money earned from the sale of the ring.
If he was successful, he could get 4 times the reward, but if he failed—if
the leader woke up during the trade and saw the face, she would only
see the one who gave him the memo, the criminal in this ring incident.
Even if that guy wanted to drag him down later, he just had to insist
that he didn’t know. He was to enter the room and set up the transfer
target over there, so there wouldn’t be any evidence.
Schmitt was at a loss, but this loss meant that he betrayed the
guild and the leader, all just to enter the clearing group immediately. Of
course, if this could help with them clearing the game, it would help the

145

Sword Art Online Volume 8 – Early and Late
A Murder Case in the Area

leader out in the end. Schmitt thought of this to justify his actions and
followed the instructions on the memo.

The next night, Schmitt learnt that the leader was killed. A day
later, he found that there was a bag with a deposit on his bed.

“I…was, really scared! If I told everyone else about the memo,
everyone would eye me…so, that is why, I had no idea who wrote the
memo at all!! Please, please forgive me, Griselda, Grimlock. I, I really
never thought of becoming a killer’s accomplice. Please believe me,
please…!”
Schmitt continued to press his head against the ground, letting
out a sharp whimper.

A sudden gust of night wind blew by as the tree branches rustled.

The moment the sounds subsided, the ominous echoes up till now
vanished like a lie, and the woman’s voice without the ominous echo
rang silently.
“I recorded it all, Schmitt.”

He heard this—a voice that he had just heard recently. Schmitt
timidly lifted his face and widened his eyes in shock.

She removed her pitch black hood, and what appeared inside was
the face of the victim who was definitely killed by the robed death god
several hours ago. The dark purple wavy hair swayed with the wind.
“…Yolko…?”

Schmitt asked with a voice so soft that it could barely be
considered a voice, and looked at the death god beside Yolko who also
revealed his true identity. He was about to pass out as he whispered,
“…Caynz.”

146

Sword Art Online Volume 8 – Early and Late
A Murder Case in the Area

147

Sword Art Online Volume 8 – Early and Late
A Murder Case in the Area

Chapter 10
“They, they’re still alive, that means…!?”

Asuna was shocked as she cried out, and I slowly nodded my head.
“Un, they’re still alive. Both Yolko-san and Kains-shi.”

“Bu, but then…but.”

Asuna continued to pant a few times and clasp the hands at her
knees together before arguing back with a hoarse tone.

“But…didn’t we see it yesterday. Kains-san’s…death when he was
pierced by the black spear and left to hang at the window.”
“No.”

I shake my head violently.

“What we saw was Kains-shi’s avatar and lots of polygons
scattered all over the place to make it look like he disappeared from
the scene.
“So, so that means, this isn’t ‘death’ in this world?”

“…Do you still remember? Yesterday, Kains-shi, who was dangling
at the window of the church was always staring at a spot in the sky.”

I point my right index finger in front of me and said. Asuna
nodded her head slightly.

“That’s the HP bar, right? He was looking at the continuous pierce
damage whittle down his HP bit by bit…”

148

Sword Art Online Volume 8 – Early and Late
A Murder Case in the Area

“That’s what I thought too, but this wasn’t the case. He wasn’t
looking at the HP bar, but the durability of the full-plate armor he was
equipped with.”
“Du, durability?”

“Un, this morning, when I was experimenting with the continuous
pierce damage inside the area, didn’t I take off the glove on my left
hand? Inside the area, the HP won’t drop no matter what the player
does, but the durability will drop…it’s like the sand baguettes we just
ate. Of course, the durability of equipment won’t drop naturally like
food, but that’s if they’re not damaged. Listen up. That time, when
Kains’ armor was pierced through, what the spear wore out wasn’t his
HP, but the durability of the armor.”
On hearing this, Asuna, who had been frowning till now, widened
her eyes.
“The, then…it was Kains-san’s armor that shattered…”

“That’s right. It’s the armor he was wearing. I already felt that it
was weird why he wore such thick armor even though they were just
having a meal…that was worn to make him look obvious when he
exploded into polygons. The moment the armor was destroyed, Kainsshi…”
“Use the crystal to teleport away.”

Asuna closed her eyes to recall that image in her mind, and said.

“…This resulted in a ‘phenomenon where a blue light is given as
polygons are shattered and scattered, indicating that the player
died’…in other words, it looks like a death effect, but in fact, it was
completely different.”

149

Sword Art Online Volume 8 – Early and Late
A Murder Case in the Area

“Un, Kains-shi probably took the spear outside the area and
stabbed it into him with the armor, used the teleport crystal to move
back to the second level of the church, hang himself with the rope and
wait till the armor’s about to be destroyed before jumping off and
teleporting away while the armor was wrecked…something like that…”
Asuna nodded slowly yet forcefully, closed her eyes and heaved
out a few words.

“…Then, Yolko-san’s ‘disappearance’ is the same trick
too…right……so they’re still alive…”

Asuna never let out her voice as she merely moved her lips,
muttering ‘thank goodness’, but again bit her lips.

“Bu, but, she was definitely wearing thick armor, but when did the
throwing dagger stab her? If it is inside the area, it should probably be
blocked by the code, and it would be impossible for it to hit her.
“It was already on her right from the beginning.”
I immediately answered.

“Think about it carefully. When Schmitt, you and I entered the
room, she never let us see her back. On receiving our message that we
were going to visit her, she first ran outside to stab the dagger into her
back before returning to the inn. With that hairstyle of hers, if she just
sat down properly on the sofa, she would be able to hide the very small
dagger handle completely, take note of the durability of the clothing,
talk to us, see that the timing was about there, retreat to the window,
use the foot to kick the wall or something to create a sound, turn her
back against us, and make it look like the dagger was stabbed into her
at that moment.”
150

Sword Art Online Volume 8 – Early and Late
A Murder Case in the Area

“So she fell out of the window…to prevent us from hearing the
command of the transfer…in that case, that black robe you had chased
after, Kirito-kun, that was…”
“There’s a very likely chance that it wasn’t Grimlock, but Kains.”

I made this conclusion, and Asuna looked up at the sky before
heaving a short sigh.
She frowned as she moved towards me.

“Didn’t we head to the Black Iron Palace yesterday to check the
«Monument of Life»? Kains-san’s death was clearly crossed out, the
time of death was the same, and the cause of death was also
‘Continuous Pierce Damage’.”
“Do you remember the spelling of that Kains-san?”
“Erm…I remember it was K, a, I, n, s, like that.”

“Un, Yolko-san told that to us and we naturally believed it.
But…look at this.”

I handed the parchment that became the clue to solving this case
over to Asuna. Several hours ago, Schmitt wrote down the list of
members of «Golden Apple». Asuna reached out to take it, looked at the
parchment for a bit and shouted out “EHHH!!?”
“«Caynz>….!? Is this the way Caynz-san’s name was written!?”

“It would be understandable if it was just one character, but if 3
characters were wrong, it probably isn’t Schmitt’s memory at fault, but
Yolko-san gave us the wrong spelling. She started with K to log Kainssan’s death and mistake him for Caynz-san, who starts with C.”
“Eh…that, that means…”

151

Sword Art Online Volume 8 – Early and Late
A Murder Case in the Area

Asuna’s expression stiffened, and her tone hush down.

“At that time…we witnessed C’s Caynz-san’s fake death, and that
K Kains-san died under the continuous piercing damage at some place
in Aincrad? It’s probably…not a coincidence, is it…? Don’t tell me…”
“No no.”

I smiled slightly and waved my right hand hard.

“It wasn’t that Yolko was the accomplice and killed K at that
moment. Listen up. The death records on the Monument of Life
indicated that it was the ‘Month of Sakura, day 22, 18:27’…and in
Aincrad. It was the second time that the month of Sakura, 22nd April
happened.”
“Ah…”

Asuna couldn’t say anything at that moment, and could only give
a weak smile.

“…So it was like that. I didn’t consider this at all. Last year, on the
same day and the same time, that Kains-san died without being
involved in this case…”
“Yeah. Most likely, this was the start of the plan.”

I took a deep breath again, clearing my thoughts in my mind as I
continued to say,

“…Yolko-san and Caynz-shi probably knew early on that this
Kains who had a similar sounding name but different spelling died last
year in April. At first, it was probably just random talk, but they
probably realized later on that they could use this coincidence to fake
Caynz-shi’s death, and not in a normal death in battle against a
monster…but a frightening method to enact an ‘inside area murder’.”

152

Sword Art Online Volume 8 – Early and Late
A Murder Case in the Area

“…It’s true that I was fooled just like you. The same time of death
as someone else who had a similarly sounding name, destroying the
inside area installation through continuous piercing damage, and a
transfer crystal…with these three things, they could let the inside area
PK look just like the real thing…and the aim for this doing is….”
Asuna whispered softly.

“To force the culprit of the ‘ring incident’ to appear and let him be
suspected as the culprit. Yolko-san and Caynz-san acted this murder
incident out to create a fake ‘avenger’, a death god that could ignore the
Anti-Criminal code and carry out PK inside the area…and in the end,
the one driven by this fear was…”
“Schmitt.”

I nodded and used my fingers to touch my chin.

“He probably just doubted at the beginning…Schmitt went from
the middle level «Golden Apple» guild, and managed to join the largest
clearing guild, the «Divine Dragons Alliance». That would really be a
unique situation. Without leveling up quickly or changing equipment
quickly…it should be impossible.”

“The conditions to join the DDA are already very strict…then, was
he the culprit in this ring incident…? Did he kill Griselda and take the
ring…?”

Asuna, who had seen Schmitt many times as an advisor in the
clearing group strategic meetings, looked rather nervous and stared at
me.

My mind immediately thought of the profile of that spear-user,
and I shook my head slowly.

153

Sword Art Online Volume 8 – Early and Late
A Murder Case in the Area

“…I can’t tell. There’s information to provide suspicion…but as to
whether that guy has the presence of a «red»…”

The killers in SAO, called red players, would more or less have a
strange presence around them, but this was to be expected. That is
because those players who killed other players in this word are
basically preventing this game from being cleared. To put it a little
more drastically, red players are people who have the thinking that ‘it
doesn’t matter whether we get out of here or not’ —— or more
radically, they hope for ‘this death game to continue’.

Such a negative tone would definitely appear in terms of words.
However, I couldn’t detect any madness of a ‘red’ from Schmitt, who
was thoroughly scared of the black-clothed death god and requested us
to escort him back to his headquarters.
“…I can’t tell, but he’s definitely involved in that, and that can
explain things thoroughly…”

On hearing me say that, Asuna nodded in agreement, leaning
against the back of one of two chairs that were lined at the window.
She seemed to forget looking at the bar opposite as she looked up into
the sky above the streets.

“…No matter what, Schmitt is forced into a tight spot now. He
believes that there’s someone after him for revenge, and feels that the
area…no, even the headquarters of the guild isn’t safe. Then…what will
he do next?”
“If there was an accomplice, he will probably contact that person.
Yolko-san and Caynz-shi were probably waiting for that. But if Schmitt
doesn’t know where the accomplice is, un —— if it’s me…”

154

Sword Art Online Volume 8 – Early and Late
A Murder Case in the Area

What would I do? If I killed a player out of greed and hatred and
felt absolutely remorseful about it, what would I do?

Up till now, I haven’t taken the life of any player in this world, but
there were friends of mine who died because of me, because of my
foolishness and ugly ego that caused everyone in my guild other than
me to die, and I had always regretted that. I used a tree that grew from
the garden of a certain inn which we used as a home as their grave. It’s
not really considered asking for redemption, but I would often bring
wine and flowers over. So, Schmitt probably——

“…If Griselda-san has a grave, he will definitely go there to beg for
forgiveness.”

Asuna seemed to detect the change in my tone as she looked up
from the chair at me and smiled in a steady manner.
“That’s right. I will do that too. At the headquarters of the KoB,
there are graves for the people who died in boss battles —— that’s
right, maybe, Yolko-san and Caynz-san will definitely be there…at
Griselda-san’s grave, waiting for Schmitt-san to appear…”
Silence came suddenly, and her expression became gloomy.
“…? What is it?”

“Uun…it’s just that I thought of this. What if Griselda-san’s grave
is outside the area? If Schmitt-san goes there…will Yolko-san and
Caynz-san forgive him just like that? I don’t think it’s actually possible,
but maybe they might really carry out revenge…?”
This unexpected theory caused my back to tense up.

I can’t say that it’s impossible. Yolko and Caynz spent so much
effort trying to act out the ‘inside the area murders’, so they should

155

Sword Art Online Volume 8 – Early and Late
A Murder Case in the Area

have some level of hatred to the culprit in the ring incident. They
should have at least used up two teleport crystals. Considering their
levels, this should be a rather large expense. They had gone through so
much, so would they only be satisfied with getting a confession…?”
“Ah…no…actually…?”

I shook my head after noticing something.

“No, they won’t. Those two would definitely never kill Schmitt?”
“How can you deduce this?”

“You still have Yolko-san’s name registered in your friend list,
right, Asuna? You didn’t see a message indicating that she had removed
the friend registration at all, did you?”
“Ahh…speaking of which, that’s true. I believed that it would have
been removed automatically after the second murder incident in the
inn, but if she’s still alive, we should still be in contact with each other.

Asuna moved her left hand to summon the window, and after
operating quickly, nodded back in affirmation.

“It is still registered. If I had realized this, we could have realized
a trick going on with this case…but in that case, why did Yolko-san
accept the friend request? We could have seen through the entire plan
from here.”
“Most likely…”

I closed my eyes, and this time, what was ingrained in my mind
was a female profile with deep purple wavy hair.

“…It’s atonement for lying to us and proof that she trusted us.
Even if we noticed the record on the friend list and found out that she’s
156

Sword Art Online Volume 8 – Early and Late
A Murder Case in the Area

still alive, we could deduce their true intent and not prevent them from
baiting Schmitt. Asuna, try tracking Yolko-san’s position.”

I open my eyes as I said that. Asuna nodded and again hit the
window.

“…Right now, she’s in the field on the 19th floor, a hill slightly
away from the main streets…what’s over there is…”

“The grave of the Golden Apple leader, Griselda. Caynz and
Schmitt should be there too. If Schmitt dies there, we can tell that they
killed him, so they probably won’t do so.”

“The…then what about the other way around? Will Schmitt kill
both of them to shut them up after finding out his role in the ring
incident…?”

Asuna asked in a worried manner. I pondered for a while and still
shook my head.
“No…we’ll find that out too. Besides, that person can’t accept
being a criminal, no, a killer, and get released by the clearing group, so
I guess we don’t have to worry about them killing each other…just
leave it to them. Our role in this incident is over. We were had by
Yolko-san this time, but…I don’t hate them for this.”

On hearing this, Asuna pondered for a while, and then gave me an
affirmative smile.
However, Asuna and I didn’t even see half the truth in this
incident.
This incident still wasn’t over yet.

157

Sword Art Online Volume 8 – Early and Late
A Murder Case in the Area

Chapter 11
Let’s continue on with what I had heard later on.
Schmitt was so shocked that he couldn’t breathe, looking back
and forth at the two players’ faces under their death god’s robes.

The true identities of what he had thought to be Griselda and
Grimlock were unexpectedly Yolko and Caynz. However, these two
should be dead. He had only heard that Caynz was dead, but as for
Yolko —— just several hours ago, he witnessed her death personally
—— she was stabbed by the black dagger from outside the window,
fell onto the streets and her avatar exploded into polygons.
They’re ghosts? Schmitt nearly passed out, but the words Yolko
said before she showed her face barely managed to keep Schmitt
conscious.
“Re…recording…?”

The hoarse voice was barely squeezed out from his throat as
Yolko pulled her hand out from her robe to show Schmitt, revealing an
eight-sided pillar shaped crystal that gave off a light green glow; a
recording crystal.
Ghosts probably didn’t use items to record voices.

In that case, Yolko and Caynz’s deaths were all a pretense. He
couldn’t imagine how they did it, but both of them acted out their own
‘deaths’ to create an avenger that didn’t exist in the first place, and

158

Sword Art Online Volume 8 – Early and Late
A Murder Case in the Area

forced the 3rd person into a dead end for the sake of vengeance. They
recorded the confession of the 3rd person admitting his guilt and
asking for forgiveness, all —— as part of a plan to unravel what
happened in a murder incident in the past.
“…So…that’s how it is…”

Schmitt finally realized the truth, muttered weakly in a voice that
was barely audible, and immediately collapsed.
He wasn’t enraged that he was fooled so thoroughly, nor that the
evidence was taken from him, but amazed by Yolko and Caynz’s
persistence —— their admiration of Griselda.
“You two…really respect leader…”

Caynz quietly answered in his weak voice.
“Aren’t you the same?”
“Eh…?”

“Aren’t you the same, like us? You never hated the leader at all,
did you? No matter how much you desired the ring, you wouldn’t
develop any malice towards her, am I right?”
“Of…of course I didn’t. Really, trust me.”

Schmitt’s face twisted as he continued nodding.

In terms of battle ability, even if both of them teamed up on him,
they were probably not stronger than him. However, Schmitt didn’t
think of immediately drawing his weapon to shut them both up. First, if
he fell as a red player, he wouldn’t be able to continue staying in the
guild and the clearing group. And more importantly, if he killed Yolko
and Caynz here, Schmitt was very certain that he could never revert to
his normal self.

159

Sword Art Online Volume 8 – Early and Late
A Murder Case in the Area

That’s why Schmitt continued to repeat the mistake he made in
the past even when the recording crystal was active.

“What I did…was that I sneaked into the leader’s room and set the
portal. And because of this…I used the money I earned from this to buy
some high-level weapons and armor, so I cleared the requirements to
enter DDA…”
“It is true that you didn’t know who wrote the memo, right?’
Yolko asked sternly, and Schmitt nodded hard again.

“I, I still don’t know who it was. Amongst the 8 of us, if you minus
me off, you two, leader and Grimlock, there should be 3 people
left…but I never contacted them after that…don’t you have any clue?”
In face of Schmitt’s question, Yolko could only shake her head
gently.

“The three of them joined a middle-ranked guild that was similar
to the «Golden Apple» after it was disbanded and lived ordinary lives.
None of them bought any rare equipment or player homes. You were
the only one who stepped up so quickly, Schmitt.”
“……I see…”

Schmitt said, and lowered his head.

When Griselda died, the leather bag that was sent to his room had
an unbelievably large sum of money. At that point, he could buy all of
the high ability equipment that he could only water his mouth at.

If the person didn’t spend that kind of money and put it inside the
storage, that person had an iron heart. No, before this——
Schmitt looked up and immediately forgot the circumstances he
was in and said the doubt that grew within him.

160

Sword Art Online Volume 8 – Early and Late
A Murder Case in the Area

“…Bu, but, won’t this be too weird…if the person didn’t need that
money, then why did he kill the leader and steal the ring…?”

Yolko and Caynz heard this unexpected question, and their upper
body tilted back slightly.

In Aincrad, there was no benefit in putting money earned inside
their storage. The value of 1 col was based on the drop rate maintained
by the Cardinal System, kept constant at all times, which meant that
inflation or depreciation would never happen. Even if players did buy
high priced swords and armor, as long as they maintained the
equipment properly, they could earn back about the same amount of
money on a day they didn’t need it. Therefore it was pointless not to
use the money. In other words——
“The one…who sent the memo was…”

Schmitt continued to think hard and was about to say a deduction
that vaguely appeared in his mind.

However, as he was too focused, it was too late when he noticed
‘that’.
“SCH…!!”

Just when Yolko in front of him shouted, a small dagger was
stabbed into his neck from behind him, right at the gap between the
breastplate and the throat plate. It was the skill combo of «Armor
Pierce» that a small stab weapon used, and the «Sneaking» skill that
was used on non-metallic armor——

After a moment of shock, Schmitt quickly turned back with the
response ability he had trained from the frontlines. Even if his throat
was stabbed open, he wouldn’t die immediately. It was a fatal point,
161

Sword Art Online Volume 8 – Early and Late
A Murder Case in the Area

and the damage would be great, but it would still be far less compared
to Schmitt’s vast HP amount.
However,

Just when he was about to turn around, Schmitt’s feet lost their
senses, and he collapsed onto the ground with a clank. His HP bar was
surrounded by a green flash. It indicated the state of paralysis. As a
tank, his anti-poison skill should have increased by quite a bit, but this
was a rather high level poison that could negate resistance. Who was—
—
“One, down.”

The boyish innocent voice came from above Schmitt, and he
hurriedly looked up.

First, he saw a black leather boot with what looked like a sharp
thumbtack. The person also had black tight-fitting leather pants, and
the leather armor on him was black too. His right hand was holding
onto a long and thin knife that was dipped in green, while his left hand
was in his pocket.

The head had a mask that looked like a ‘sack’, leaving only
circular holes at the eyes. Realizing that there was a sticky stare at him,
Schmitt’s sights showed the cursor of the player. It wasn’t a normal
green color, but a bright orange color.
“Ah…!”

Schmitt heard a soft cry and turned around to see a small-sized
player holding a really thin sword and threatening Yolko and Caynz. He
was dressed completely in black too, but the clothing wasn’t made of
leather. It was a piece of ragged clothing that reached from top to
bottom. His face had a mask that looked like a skull, and the dark

162

Sword Art Online Volume 8 – Early and Late
A Murder Case in the Area

eyeholes look like they were giving off glowing red eyes. The right
hand was holding what was most likely the same kind of Estoc that
Yolko was holding, but the bronze that was giving off a bloody color
explained its overwhelming nature. The cursor was orange as well.

The guy with the skull mask took the black Estoc easily from the
dazed Yolko’s right hand. He glanced at the blade and let out a voice
that seemed to have static in it.
“The design is, not too bad. Let’s, add, it, to my, collection.”

Schmitt knew of these two people. He had never met them
directly before, but amongst the bulletin circulated through the guild
headquarters, the top most player had a sketch of them amongst the
list of the players that they were supposed to be wary of.

In a certain sense, they were the biggest enemy of the clearing
group, bigger than the boss monsters, the red players. They were the
male players in the largest savage guild who were the executives. The
poisoned dagger user who paralyzed Schmitt was «Johnny Black», and
the Estoc user who held down Yolko and Caynz was «Red-Eyed XaXa».
In that case, don’t tell me —— ‘that guy’ took part too?
You’re lying! Don’t! This isn’t the time for jokes!

As if betraying the cries inside Schmitt’s heart, JARI JARI, the
sound of footsteps could be heard.

Schmitt tentatively looked behind and stared over with his
widened eyes. He could feel the figure of the biggest terror in Aincrad.

The person was wearing a dull black poncho that covered him
down to his knees and a hood that was attached, covering the eyes.

163

Sword Art Online Volume 8 – Early and Late
A Murder Case in the Area

The person was holding a rectangular-shaped giant dagger that
looked like a Chinese chopping knife and a blood-like reddish-black
blade.
“……«PoH»…”

Schmitt muttered the name out from his lips and started
trembling hard as if he saw terror and despair.
The killing guild «Laughing Coffin».

The guild was established half a year after the death game called
SAO was created. Before this, they were orange players who just
surrounded solo players or a few players with a large number of them
to steal col or items, and their extremist thoughts caused them to
become such a radical group.

That thought was —— «If it’s a death game, killing people is a
must»..

In modern Japan, ‘legal killing’ wasn’t allowed, but in such an
extreme situation, it because possible. All the players’ physical bodies
were all in FullDive state, which meant that they were unconscious and
couldn’t even move a finger. In terms of the legal implications in Japan,
the designer of Nerve Gear, Akihiko Kayaba, would be the culprit as the
player will be ‘killed’ by this death mechanism instead of decreasing
the HP bar when the HP dropped to zero.
——If that’s the case, just kill and enjoy the game. This is a right
given to all players.

164

Sword Art Online Volume 8 – Early and Late
A Murder Case in the Area

165

Sword Art Online Volume 8 – Early and Late
A Murder Case in the Area

——The one who gave such a poisonous reasoning to lure and
brainwash several orange players and caused them to go on a mad PK
craze was the black-poncho clothed guy with the dagger, PoH.
Unlike the amusing sounding name, this tall guy giving off an icy
cold stare walked towards Schmitt and simply commanded.
“Turn him over.”

Johnny Black immediately reached the front tip of the foot into
Schmitt’s stomach and kicked him to flip him up. The black chopperwielding guy saw Schmitt’s face as he laid weakly there, and said again,
“Wow…it’s true. This guy is one huge prey. Isn’t this a leadersama of the DDA?”

Even though it was a very nice sounding voice, for some reason,
there was a deep weird feeling coming with it. He couldn’t see the face
covered by the hood, but the ample wavy black hair was dangling on
the side, swaying with the night wind.

Having realized his own circumstance of despair, Schmitt
continued to still think of why this was happening.

Why would the three of them appear in such a place? The top 3 of
the «Laughing Coffin» were a symbol of terror, the highest class
fugitive. They couldn’t possibly come over here for sightseeing.

In other words, the three of them knew that Schmitt was here
before attacking.

But this wouldn’t be enough to explain it. He never told the
people from DDA where he was going, and Yolko and Caynz couldn’t
possibly leak any information. The two of them were now being

166

Sword Art Online Volume 8 – Early and Late
A Murder Case in the Area

threatened by the Estoc of «Red-Eyed XaXa» and looking completely
pale. Even if Schmitt, who was moving on his own at the 19th floor,
was discovered by a Laughing Coffin member that contacted PoH, it
was way too fast for them to appear.

Was there something else that caused the three of them to appear
on this floor coincidentally? Was this a huge misfortune that could only
happen with a one in ten thousand chance? Or, this coincidence was
the revenge of the deceased Griselda…?”

PoH looked down at Schmitt, who was pondering with
interrupted thoughts and lying down like a tree branch, and tilted his
head slightly.
“Then…it’s showtime. But even if I want to do this…how should
we play?”
“Then, use that, head.”

Johnny Black said with an excited tone.

“The «Kill each other and let the survivor live» game, but we
might have to balance the sides with the three of them.”

“Even though you say so, don’t you kill off the surviving player?”

“Ah, auhh! We can’t play this game if you say it out loud, head!”

On hearing this chilling conversation that lacked any tension,
XaXa merely cackled while raising the Estoc.

Right now, Schmitt was overwhelmed by the realistic terror and
despair, and couldn’t help but close his eyes.

The metallic armor that covered his entire body was just a heavy
stone when he couldn’t move. They quickly stopped by to joke as if it
was before a meal, baring their bloodhound-like teeth. PoH’s large

167

Sword Art Online Volume 8 – Early and Late
A Murder Case in the Area

dagger «Mate Chopper» was a monster drop that not even the highest
leveled craftsmen’s best created weapons could match, and it was a
«Demonic Sword». It should be able to easily pierce through the full
plate armor rating on Schmitt.
——Griselda, Grimlock.

If this is your revenge on me, it can’t be helped if I die here.

But, why must you implicate Yolko and Caynz? Both of them who
they spent so much effort trying to nab the culprit who killed you two?
Why?
Just when Schmitt’s mind was occupied with thoughts of despair.

On the ground clinging behind, there was a slight vibration.

DODODO! DODODO! There was a rhythmic beat rumbling getting
louder and clearer gradually. Soon, the ears were able to hear that
deep rumbling.

PoH used a sharp breathing to warn his two subordinates. Johnny
readied his poisoned dagger and retreated while XaXa put the Estoc
closer to Yolko and Caynz’s necks.

Schmitt continued to rotate the neck he couldn’t move
desperately, and saw a white fluorescent line coming in a straight line
from the main streets.

Several seconds later, he could tell that the trembling light on the
path was cold flame surrounding a pitch black horse that seemed to
melt in the darkness. The horse had a pitch black rider riding it too,
like a certain undead rider from hell riding down the blazing white
flames in a lightning quick speed. The sound of the gallops became a
168

Sword Art Online Volume 8 – Early and Late
A Murder Case in the Area

rumble as it shook the ground, overlapping with the neighs of the
horse.

The horse soon reached the bottom of the hill, leapt several times
before reaching the top. It used its hind legs to help it stand, and the
nostrils let out a burning white presence. Johnny looked like he was
overwhelmed by the presence as he retreated. Then, the rider on the
horse forcefully pulled the leash —— and immediately dropped down
from the horse’s back.

DOSK! The person fell onto the ground on the butt and grumbled
‘it hurts!’ in a very familiar voice.
The intruder who rubbed his waist as he stood up held onto the
leash of the large black horse, stared at Schmitt, then at Yolko and
Caynz before letting out a relaxed tone.
“Barely safe. The taxi fare will have to be provided by DDA.”

In Aincrad, there wasn’t any item that allowed for mounting.
However, at a few stables run by NPCs on the streets or villages, one
could go over there to rent a horse or an ox to move a large number of
items the storage couldn’t handle. But if someone wanted to ride, a
certain level of skill would be needed and the expenses were really
expensive, so almost no one used it. In this death game, they would be
very few people who would have the luxury of spare time to learn
horse riding——

Schmitt exhaled the air that was vented inside his chest and
looked at the intruder, the face of the solo player in the clearing group,
the «Black Swordsman» Kirito.

Kirito pulled the leash and turned the horse before slapping its
hind. The black horse was released from rent, and the sound of it

169

Sword Art Online Volume 8 – Early and Late
A Murder Case in the Area

galloping away could be heard, overlapping the voice that seemed to
lack courage.
“Yo, PoH. Long time no see. You’re still in that strange get-up.”

“…I don’t want to be told that by you.”

PoH’s response had a killing intent that couldn’t be hidden.

Johnny Black then stepped forward and obviously raised his voice.

“You bastard…! Aren’t you the relaxed one!? Don’t you know the
situation you’re in!?”

Using his left hand to stop his subordinate who was swinging the
dagger, PoH raised the chopper knife in his right hand onto the
shoulder from behind and tapped.

“It’s just like what this guy said, Kirito. The cool entrance is good,
but even you can’t handle the three of us alone at the same time, right?”
Schmitt, who was still paralyzed, clenched his left hand which
was the only one that he could move.

The situation was just like what PoH described. Even Kirito, who
had top-notch fighting ability amongst the clearing group, couldn’t
possibly beat the top 3 of Laughing Coffin at the same time. Why? At
least he should have brought «The Flash» along too?
“Well, it’s impossible.”

Kirito calmly answered with the left hand on his waist, but he
quickly continued.

“But I already drank an antidote potion and brought many healing
crystals, so I should be able to hang on for about 10 minutes. With this,
I should be able to hang on until the reinforcements arrive. Either way,

170

Sword Art Online Volume 8 – Early and Late
A Murder Case in the Area

do you think the three of you can take on 30 people from the clearing
group?”

PoH, who was retorted back with a line that was almost the same,
clicked his tongue under the hood. Johnny and XaXa looked around at
the surrounding darkness in unrest.
“…Suck.”

Soon, PoH cursed and moved his right foot back.

He snapped his left finger, and his subordinates went several
meters back. Yolko and Caynz were released by the red Estoc and knelt
down weakly.
PoH raised the chopper in his right hand and pointed it at Kirito,
growling,

“…«Black Swordsman». One of these days, I’ll make you crawl on
the ground while your important comrades are rolling in the tragic sea
of blood. Just wait and see.”

After saying that, he spun the large chopper knife on his fingers
skillfully before putting it into the holster at his waist. The black
leather poncho swayed, and the leader of «Laughing Coffin» turned
around before jumping off the hill nonchalantly while the other two
subordinates followed suit.

Johnny Black still looked like he was worried about the clearing
group that was about to rush here as he quickly walked away, and the
Estoc user under the ragged mantle—Red-Eyed XaXa took a few steps
forward before turning back, staring at Kirito with the faint glowing
eyes under the skull before whispering,
171

Sword Art Online Volume 8 – Early and Late
A Murder Case in the Area

“Looks, cool there. Next time, I will ride on a horse, to hunt you
down.”

“…Then, please practice as much as you can. It’s not as easy as it
looks.”

On hearing Kirito’s response, XaXa let out a deep breathing sound
before chasing after his allies and disappearing.

172

Sword Art Online Volume 8 – Early and Late
A Murder Case in the Area

Chapter 12
The three shadows walked down the hill and vanished into the
night. I continued to stare at the orange cursor that came with the
Searching Enemy Skill effect.

I once met the leader of Laughing Coffin, PoH and exchanged
words with him, but this is the first time I’ve met his subordinates; the
poison dagger user with the childish attitude and appearance, and the
Estoc user wearing a very tattered robe. Of course, their names weren’t
indicated in the cursor. To play it safe, I intended to ask Schmitt their
names later, but after thinking about it, we’ll probably be fighting for
real the next time we meet. To be honest, I really don’t want to know
the names of these two people when we will have to kill each other
using swords.
Thus, I’ve watched them until the Searching Enemy Skill cursor’s
range could no longer detect them.

Criminal players normally couldn’t enter the streets and villages
that have the «Anti-Criminal Code» in them. Once they stepped inside
the area, they would be attacked by a large number of NPC guards that
were as strong as demons. All the transfer gates on each floor were all
located in the main streets of each floor, so if those three wanted to
move to another floor, they could only use a transfer crystal to move to
‘a village outside the area’ or use a very expensive teleport crystal or
walk down the dungeon tower that were cleared to move up and down.
173

Sword Art Online Volume 8 – Early and Late
A Murder Case in the Area

I guess they probably used the first method, but this alone would
mean that they had to use up 6 transfer crystals going to and fro, and to
those guys, this isn’t a small expense. I swallowed my saliva and watch
the 3 cursors disappear from my sights before subconsciously heaving
a sigh of relief.

Seriously, these are guys that I didn’t expect to show up at all.
Those three guys actually knew that Schmitt —— a forward leader of
the Divine Dragons Alliance Guild with the highest HP and defenses,
would appear at this location.
However, I guess it’s possible to know immediately where the
source of this information came from.

I turned my sights away from the wilderness that was covered in
darkness, summoned the window and quickly responded to Klein, who
should be bringing more than 10 people here, with, [Laughing Coffin
escaped. Wait in town].
I then take out the antidote potion from my pouch and put it in
Schmitt’s hand. I looked at this hulking guy drink it down with
trembling hands and looked away to the other two who were slightly
further away.

It couldn’t be helped that I had some sarcasm in my tone to the
two players who dressed up as death gods and were looking really pale
now.

“Nice to meet you again, Yolko-san, and…nice to meet you for the
first time, Caynz-san.”

Yolko, who should have scattered into many polygons several
hours ago and disappeared, looks up at me and grimaced.

174

Sword Art Online Volume 8 – Early and Late
A Murder Case in the Area

“I wanted to apologize to you after everything was over…you
probably wouldn’t believe me even if I said so.”

“Whether I believe you or not, I’ll have to see what you treat me.
Let me say this first. Don’t give me some suspicious looking ramen or
okonomiyaki.”

Standing beside the dazed Yolko, the stiff looking guy takes off his
black robe —— the first murder victim of this ‘inside area’ incident
Caynz lowered his head.
“We’ve met for the first time —— probably not, Kirito-san. Our
eyes did meet at that moment.”

The words that were said in such a calm manner caused me to
finally recall.

“Speaking of which, it was really like that. When you died, ah, no,
when you teleported away the moment your armor was destroyed,
right?”

“Un, that’s right. I had a premonition at that moment that you
might see the truth behind this fake death.”
“You’ve overestimated me. I was completely fooled.”

This time, it’s my turn to give a wry smile. The air that had finally
calmed down tensed up again with the clinking of the armor on
Schmitt.
“…Thank you for saving me there, Kirito…but how did you know
that those three would come here?”
I looked back at the giant’s face that was looking straight at me
and pondered on what to say.

175

Sword Art Online Volume 8 – Early and Late
A Murder Case in the Area

“It’s not that I knew, but a possibility I deduced. If I had known
that PoH would be the enemy, I would have run away in fear too.”

This vague answer that came out unconsciously was not without
a reason too.

What I’m going to say is probably going to bring a huge shock to
the three of them —— especially Yolko and Caynz. The two of them
who wrote the entire script and proceeded with the act with them as
the lead didn’t notice that there was a ‘producer’ behind this hiding in a
corner. I heaved a sigh and started to narrate with a voice as calm as
possible.
“…It was just 30 minutes ago when I felt that it was weird…”

The incident ended, so I should hand things over to Yolko, Caynz
and Schmitt.

On the second level of an inn that had a clear view of a certain bar
on the 20th floor, I said this to Asuna and leaned my back on the chair.

They probably wouldn’t start killing each other. Then, it’s better
of the person who started this ‘ring incident’ and triggered this ‘inside
area incident’. I noted confidently, and Asuna answered ‘yeah’ and
nodded in agreement.
In the midst of the silence —— I suddenly felt that inside my
chest, there was some really thin piercing feeling inside me.

There should be something I had to think about. There was
definitely something I had to think about. But I didn’t know what it was.
It was that kind of anxiety.
176

Sword Art Online Volume 8 – Early and Late
A Murder Case in the Area

What Asuna said just now when we were watching the bar
seemed to be related to the feeling right now. I just had this thought
and inadvertently said to her. “Well…”
“…What is it?”

I looked at the KoB sub-leader-sama, who sat on the chair and
looked up. I used about 80 percent of my analytical ability to analyze
this sense of disagreement and asked a very thoughtless question.
“Asuna, have you, gotten married before?”

The response to this question was a bone-chilling stare with
killing-intent. She also stood ready to attack with a tightly clenched
right fist with body leaning forward.
“JUST JOKING! FORGET ABOUT IT! IT DOESN’T COUNT!”

I hurriedly shouted as I was grabbed by the front while my hands
and head were shaking frantically, and I hurriedly added on.

“It’s not like that, nothing really behind this…didn’t you just
mention about marriage?”
“I did say so. So what?”

She continued to stare at me viciously. I started to tremble, but
continued to force myself to say,

“Erm...to be specific, it’s something you said…something romantic
and plastic or…”
“NOBODY SAID THAT!”

In the end, Asuna nearly caused the Anti-Criminal Code to
activate as she kicked my calf and corrected my memory.
177

Sword Art Online Volume 8 – Early and Late
A Murder Case in the Area

“I said that it’s romantic and pragmatic! I’m telling you, pragmatic
means ‘realistic’!”
“Realistic…as in marriage in SAO?”

“That’s right. In a certain sense, there’s no room to hide as the
item storage is shared.”
“Storage…shared…”

pain.

That’s the thing.

These words were stinging my chest, the origin of that little sharp

Married players would have their item storage space unified
company, and the quantity would be counted as for 2 people. While it’s
very convenient, it’s very prone to marriage scams where rare items
were stolen and the spouse ran away.
I had been wondering about this system all this time.

Overwhelmed by this overpowering anxiety, I asked again.

“Then…what happens to the storage when a couple gets
divorced?”
“Eh…?”

It seemed like it was completely unexpected as Asuna widened
her eyes. She tilted her head slightly and placed her fist that was about
to hit me under her chin before saying,

“Erm well…I do remember there are a few options, like Autoallocations, Item choosing or something like that…there are others, but
I don’t actually remember…”
178

Sword Art Online Volume 8 – Early and Late
A Murder Case in the Area

“I want to know more about this. What should I do…oh yeah,
Asuna, how about we try it?”

I didn’t know if I could consider myself smart or lucky for not
continuing.

«The Flash» let out a killing intent that was many times stronger
than before, holding the scabbard of the named blade «Lambent Light»
tightly in her left hand. She smiled and said,
“What do you want me to do with you?”

“…How about we…send a mail to Heathcliff and ask him?”

——Just one minute later, I got a mail in response. On it, the item
storage division during a divorce was clearly stated. As expected of the
man who was basically a living encyclopedia of the system.

Besides the Auto-value allocations and Item choosing Asuna
mentioned just now, it seemed that there was an Auto-allocation by
percentage. In other words, it even included the possibility of a divorce
fee. This was a really pragmatic system.

I continued to listen to Asuna, who was reading the message, and
continued to think.
Of course, these were options that can be chosen when both
parties agree to a divorce. If they don’t agree with the allocation, the
system would not allow them to divorce. However, it’s impossible for
all examples of divorce in this world to be settled in such a rational
manner. If it’s such that one side had to divorce but the other party
doesn’t agree, there isn’t any family arbiter or something like that in
this world.

179

Sword Art Online Volume 8 – Early and Late
A Murder Case in the Area

What answered this doubt was the last paragraph of words in
Heathcliff’s mail.

“…«On a side note, unconditional divorce can only happen if one
party sets the item allocation ratio to zero percent for himself and 100
percent for the other party. In this example, once the divorce is set, any
other items that can’t be stored will all drop beside the user. Kirito-kun,
if someone asks for an unconditional divorce out of you, I suggest you
head to a single-person’s room in an inn to hide for the time
being»…that’s what it’s written.”
Asuna, who finished reading the mail, gave a vague expression as
she closed the window.
I subconsciously stared at that face and continued to mutter a
certain part of that message.

0 for oneself, 100 for the other party. 0 for oneself…100 for the
other party…
“Ahh…!”

What was a sting that felt out of place as it stung my chest
suddenly became a sharp pain.

A small little prick suddenly increased in size. My heart started to
turn anxiety into doubt, which then turned into surprise thanks to
belief, and finally materialized into fear.
“Ah…ahhh…!!”

I shouted as I kicked the chair down, standing up and grabbing
Asuna, who was in front of me, on the shoulders. «The Flash», who was
so shocked that she cringed back, let out a cry that was different from
before.

180

Sword Art Online Volume 8 – Early and Late
A Murder Case in the Area

“Wait…what, what is it…don’t tell me you thought of something
here…”

I didn’t have time to think about the meaning behind these words
and could only let out a moaning-like voice,

“100 for oneself and 0 for the other party. There’s only one way to
make this form of divorce.”
“…Eh…? Wha, what did you say…?”

I grabbed onto those slender shoulders tightly and pulled that
petite face over to me before whispering in her ear,

“By death. The moment the marriage partner dies, the storage
will revert back to its original size. Whatever items that can’t be stored
will drop. That means…that means…”
My trembling throat swallowed saliva, and I continued,

“…In other words, the moment the leader of the «Golden Apple»
guild, Griselda, was killed by someone, the ring inside her storage
wouldn’t go to the criminal…it’d go to either her marriage partner,
Grimlock, or materialize and drop on the ground as an object.
The hazel-colored eyes right in front of my eyes slowly blinked
twice.
chill.

The doubtful expression on her face suddenly became a serious
“The ring…wasn’t snatched away…?”

Upon hearing this almost voiceless question, I couldn’t
immediately respond. I moved my hands away from Asuna and stood
up, leaning my back on the window sill before whispering,
181

Sword Art Online Volume 8 – Early and Late
A Murder Case in the Area

“No…it’s not like that. You can still say it was taken away.
Grimlock, he took away the ring that existed in his storage. He wasn’t
the culprit behind this illusionary ‘inside area incident’, but the culprit
behind the ‘ring incident’.”
The rapier dropped down from Asuna’s left hand, letting out a
heavy metallic sound as it landed on the ground.

“…I was still feeling strange about this just 30 minutes ago… I say,
Caynz-san, Yolko-san, those two weapons you two have…the spiked
short spear and dagger, where did you get them from?”
On hearing me ask, Yolko exchanged looks with her partner, and
answered,

“…To carry out our ‘fake inside area PK’ plan, it was necessary for
us to have a continuous pierce damage type weapon. We visited many
weaponsmith-sans, but couldn’t find these kinds of unique weapons…if
we ordered them, the weapons would have the name of the creator on
it, and once someone asked the person who made the weapons, he
would immediately know the ones who ordered it, us, the victims.”

“In this situation, we could only contact someone who hasn’t been
seen since the guild got disbanded…the husband of the leader,
Grimlock-san. We explained to him our plan and requested him to
make the necessary piercing weapons. We didn’t know where he was,
but the friend list still had his name on…”
Caynz continued on with the explanation and finally mentioned
this name. I gathered my concentration on my ears and paid attention.

“Grimlock-san, he didn’t actually approve of this. On the message
he replied us, he just wrote that he hoped that she is rested in peace.

182

Sword Art Online Volume 8 – Early and Late
A Murder Case in the Area

But after we continued requesting him, he finally made the two, no,
three weapons for us, and the day the weapons were sent to us just
happened to be 3 days before Kains-san died.”

From these words, I could tell that Yolko and Caynz viewed
Grimlock as the victim when his wife was murdered.

I took a long breath and forced out words from my word that
would bring about a great shock to both of them.

“…Unfortunately, the reason why Grimlock was against your plan
wasn’t because of Griselda-san. The exaggeration of this ‘inside area PK’
would bring about a lot of attention, and may end up with somebody
discovering the truth. That’s because, when it’s not a divorce, but death
that removes the linked storage…what will happen to the things
inside?”
“Eh…?”

It seemed that Yolko didn’t quite understand the meaning behind
this sentence as she tilted her head slightly.

It’s not unreasonable though. No matter how affectionate couples
were in Aincrad, it’s really rare for people to take the next step that
was marriage, and there would be fewer people who’d divorce. Also,
it’s extremely rare that the reason was because one side died. Let alone
me, even Asuna believed that the ring drop definitely landed in the
killer’s hand the moment Griselda-san was killed.

“Listen… Griselda-san’s storage also belonged to Grimlock. Even if
Griselda-san was killed, it’s impossible for the ring to be taken away,
because the moment she died, it would be transferred over to Grimlock.
Schmitt…you said you got a monetary reward for assisting in this plan,
right?”
183

Sword Art Online Volume 8 – Early and Late
A Murder Case in the Area

On hearing my question, the hulking figure sitting on the ground
cross-legged nodded blankly.

“If he was able to prepare so much money, it seemed that the ring
was really sold. The only one who could do this is Grimlock, who got
the ring. He also knew that Schmitt was the accomplice in that plan, so
that meant…”
“It was Grimlock…? That guy, he was the one who sent that
memo…and sent Griselda out of the area and killed her?”

Schmitt groaned with a hoarse voice. I pondered for a while and
denied this.

“No, he didn’t do this directly. If Griselda, who was sleeping inside
the inn, was moved out of the area, she may have woken up out of a
sudden, and it would be troublesome if his face was seen. I guess the
real murderer was a red who was requested to do this job. But even if
that’s the case, it still doesn’t reduce the weight of Grimlock’s crime…”
“…”

Schmitt didn’t say anything as he merely looked up at the sky
blankly.

This devastated expression appeared on Yolko and Caynz’s faces
as well. A few seconds later, Yolko shook her wavy dark purple hair,
getting more agitated in the meantime.

“How is it possible…such a thing, you’re lying! Those two were
always together…Grimlock-san was always following her from
behind…and also…that’s right, if he was the real culprit, why did he
assist us in our plan!? If he wouldn’t help us, we wouldn’t be able to do
anything, and the ‘ring incident’ wouldn’t see the light of day, right?”
184

Sword Art Online Volume 8 – Early and Late
A Murder Case in the Area

“Did you two describe the entire plan to Grimlock?”

On hearing my sudden question, Yolko shut her mouth tightly,
and gave a slight nod.

“…Then, he should have known what would happen if the plan
succeeded. In other words, the final scene would be such that Schmitt,
who was filled with guilt, would come over to Griselda-san’s grave to
confess his sins and get questioned by Yolko-san and Caynz-san. In that
case, he could think of a plan to bury the ‘ring incident’ into complete
darkness. The accomplice Schmitt, and the ones who wanted to know
the truth, Yolko-san and Caynz-san. He just needed..to shut you three
up.”
“…I see. So…so that’s why, those three…”

I glanced at Schmitt, who looked completely confounded as he
said these words, and nodded with a depressed feeling.

“That’s the case. The reason why the top three of the «Laughing
Coffin» appeared was because Grimlock leaked the information to
them. A DDA executive-level prey is here at this place without any
allies…I guessed there was a contact link the moment he requested
them to kill Griselda-san.”
“…How is this…”

Yolko, who lost all her strength in her knees, collapsed onto the
ground, and Caynz used his right arm to support her. However, that
extremely pale face of his could be clearly seen even under the
moonlight.

Yolko grabbed Caynz’s shoulder and asked with a very lifeless
voice,

185

Sword Art Online Volume 8 – Early and Late
A Murder Case in the Area

“Grimlock-san…wanted to kill us…? But…why…? And…why did he
kill his spouse just to get the ring…?”

“I can’t deduce the motive behind this, but he, who never left the
guild base to prove his alibi during that ‘ring incident’, probably won’t
just sit back and watch. Besides, this was a chance to deal with the
three of you and bury two incidents in one go. So…for the details, just
ask him personally.”

The moment I just said this, my ears heard two sets of footsteps
coming from the west slope of the hills.

The first thing that entered my eyes was the red and white knight
uniform that was still radiant looking in this night scene. Obviously,
that was Asuna «The Flash», wielding a rapier with a silver blade that
looked extremely clear. As far as I know, this is the thinnest and most
elegant looking blade in Aincrad, and also the most savage weapon that
could pierce through all sorts of defences.

A man was walking here as well, seemingly being forced to by the
sharp tip of the rapier and the sharp stare of the user.

The very tall and thin figure was wearing very long-edged leather
clothing and a hat with a very large edge. The face that was hidden
under the shadows had something that would reflect moonlight from
time to time, probably glasses. The overall impression he gave was that
he was more of a hitman in a Hong Kong movie than a craftsman. Of
course, that may be because I already had a biased impression
beforehand.

The colors of both their cursors are green. I was already prepared
to let Asuna become an orange player to prevent that guy from running
way —— of course, if that had happened, I would have definitely
helped her perform whichever task was necessary to revert to her

186

Sword Art Online Volume 8 – Early and Late
A Murder Case in the Area

original alignment —— so after seeing this, I couldn’t help but heave a
sigh of relief, but I immediately tensed up again and stared at this man
walking up the hill.

Under the silver-framed spectacles was a face that looked gentle,
no matter how one looked at it. The eyes that were long, narrow and
looking somewhat droopy, looked rather kind as well. But the slightly
small black pupils deep inside the glasses did have a certain kind of
existence that could summon my cautiousness.

The man stopped three meters in front of me, first looking at
Schmitt, then Yolko, Caynz and finally, the grave that was covered with
moss before saying,
“Well…it’s been a long time, everyone.”

A few seconds later, Yolko finally answered back in a calm and
deep tone,
“Grimlock…san. You…you, are you really…”

The one who killed Griselda, took the ring, and planned to
eliminate the three of us here to cover up this incident?

Even though it wasn’t stated, everyone understood from this
question. As for this question, this man —— the sub-leader of the ex«Golden Apple», the blacksmith Grimlock didn’t answer immediately.
He watched Asuna sheath her blade behind him and moved
towards me before smiling, and said,

“…That’s a misunderstanding. I just felt that I have a need to
understand the outcome of this situation, which was why I came here.
The reason why I obediently listened to that terrifying onee-san here is
just to clear this misunderstanding.”

187

Sword Art Online Volume 8 – Early and Late
A Murder Case in the Area

——Ohh, he’s denying it? I was really shocked inside. There’s no
actual proof to show that he leaked the information to PoH, but he can’t
deny about the system settings in the ring incident.
“YOU’RE LYING!”

Asuna immediately shouted back.

“Weren’t you hiding amongst the bushes just now? If I didn’t use
the Reveal technique, you wouldn’t have stepped out.”

“Of course it couldn’t be helped. I’m just an ordinary blacksmith,
and as you can see, I don’t have a single weapon on me at all. Why must
I be told off by you so thoroughly for not appearing in front of some
orange players?”

He answered calmly and reluctantly opened his arms with the
leather gloves on.

Schmitt, Caynz and Yolko couldn’t say anything as they just
continued to listen to Grimlock defending himself. They were probably
still in disbelief that their ex-sub-leader requested savage red players
to kill them. They never thought of that and were probably unwilling to
believe this. It’s not weird for them to be like this.

I reached my left hand out to stop Asuna, who looked like she still
wanted to say something, and finally said,
“Nice to meet you for the first time, Grimlock-san. I’m Kirito…just
an outsider —— but it’s true that we can’t link your appearance here
with the attack by «Laughing Coffin» as we have no evidence to prove
these two cases. Even if we ask them, they probably wouldn’t testify.”
In fact, if Grimlock’s friend list could be visualized and we
checked the friends’ messaging, there should be a player’s name that

188

Sword Art Online Volume 8 – Early and Late
A Murder Case in the Area

accepted requests for «Laughing Coffin», but unfortunately, I don’t
know which name it was.

However, even if we left aside the attempted murder on Schmitt
and company, there shouldn’t be any excuses for the ‘ring incident’. I
believed this was the case, and continued,

“But last autumn, the ‘ring incident’ that caused the «Golden
Apple» guild to disband…definitely has something to do with you. No,
you should be the mastermind behind this. No matter who killed
Griselda, the ring definitely landed in your hands since you had a
shared storage with her. You actually hid that fact, secretly sold that
ring and handed half of the money over to Schmitt. This is something
that can’t be done by anyone other than the culprit, and there’s only
one reason why you’re involved in this ‘inside area incident’…you
wanted to shut the mouths of those people involved and bury the past
into the darkness, am I right?”
After I said that, a heavy silence descended on this hill of
wilderness. The blue moonlight that was shining down from
somewhere showed an obvious grim on Grimlock’s face.

Soon, his lips curled strangely, and a voice that felt like it could
cause the temperature to drop rang.

“I see. Such an interesting theory, Mr Detective-kun…but
unfortunately, there’s a loophole in this reasoning.”
“What?!”

I instinctively asked back. Grimlock glanced at me and used the
right hand covered with the black glove to press his hat down.

189

Sword Art Online Volume 8 – Early and Late
A Murder Case in the Area

“It’s true that I shared the same storage with Griselda, so when
she was killed, all the items that were stored inside her storage should
come to me…this reasoning is right. However...”

A sharp stare came at me from the round lens reflecting the
moonlight, and the tall and thin craftsman continued on in a
monotonous tone.

“What if that ring wasn’t kept inside the storage? In other words,
what if it was materialized as an object and equipped on Griselda’s
finger…?”
“Ahh…”

Asuna let out a slight sound.

I, who was stumped by this unexpected question, could only let
out such a similar empty voice. It’s true that in this incident had many
aspects that I didn’t consider as well.

A player with equipment materialized as objects would definitely
drop these equipment whether they were killed by monsters or other
players, without exception. If Griselda was equipped with that ring, it
wouldn’t be transferred over to Grimlock’s storage, but land in the
killer’s hand. This kind of reasoning is valid as well.

Did he realize that the tide has changed? Grimlock’s lips curled up
slightly, but that expression soon vanished. The blacksmith used his
right hand to hold his forehead up and shaked his head sadly.
“…Griselda was a speed-type swordsman. It’s not unlikely for her
to try out the high agility boost of the ring before she sold it, right?
Listen up, when she was killed, everything she had did indeed come to
me, but the ring wasn’t there. That’s how it is, Mr Detective.”

190

Sword Art Online Volume 8 – Early and Late
A Murder Case in the Area

I subconsciously gritted my teeth. I tried to find a way to refute
Grimlock’s claim, but if I wanted to prove that Griselda was equipped
with a ring or not, I’ll probably need the criminal who actually killed
her —— probably some member of Laughing Coffin.
Upon seeing me remain speechless, Grimlock raised his hat
slightly, looked at the other four people around, and bowed curtly.

“Then, I’ll take my leave. It’s a pity that you weren’t able to find
out the mastermind behind Griselda’s murder, but even Schmitt’s
remorse alone would be enough to let her soul be at peace.”
As we faced the back of the craftsman who pulled his hat down
and turned around neatly——

It was as if a certain strong feeling was hidden in her serenity as
Yolko simply said,
“Please wait…no, hold it right there, Grimlock.”

The man who stopped turned his face slightly. The seemingly
gentle eyes under the glasses suddenly gave an annoyed look.

“Is there something else? If it’s just a baseless accusation out of
emotions, that can’t be considered. To me, this place is sacred ground.”
Grimlock said this with an arrogant and fluid tone, and Yolko
stepped forward.

Is she about to do something? She looked at the white hands that
were raised to her chest, and then again looked forward. Those deep
blue eyes were giving a glow of strength I had never seen till now.
“Grimlock, you just said that the leader equipped the ring, so it
wasn’t transferred to you, but taken away by the killer. But…that’s
impossible.”

191

Sword Art Online Volume 8 – Early and Late
A Murder Case in the Area

“…How? What proof do you have?”

Yolko watched Grimlock turn around slowly, and said with a
harsher tone,

“When we got that ring drop, the guild members were all
discussing about what to do, remember? Caynz, Schmitt and I were
opposed to selling the ring because we thought we should increase the
strength of the guild. At that moment, Caynz really wanted to use it for
himself, but said that he wanted to let the leader use it —— the
strongest swordsman in the «Golden Apple» was the leader, so it was
best for her to use it.”

Right beside Yolko, Caynz showed an awkward expression. But
Yolko didn’t mind at all as she continued to say with action.

“As for those words, I could still remember every single word the
leader said. That person smiled as she said this —— in SAO, one hand
can only be equipped with one ring. My right hand is equipped with the
seal of the guild leader, and…the marriage ring on my left hand can’t be
removed, so I can’t use it. DID YOU HEAR THAT!? IT’S IMPOSSIBLE FOR
HER TO TAKE OFF EITHER OF THESE TWO RINGS AND TRY THE
ABILITY OF THIS RARE RING, IMPOSSIBLE!”

The moment the sharp words rang, everyone present, including
me, gasped.

It’s true that on the main menu equip figure, there are one each
on both the left and right hands. If both of them were taken up, it’s
impossible to equip a new ring. However——
This reasoning was still too weak.

It’s like my thoughts were heard as Grimlock said softly.
192

Sword Art Online Volume 8 – Early and Late
A Murder Case in the Area

“I thought you wanted to say something. ‘Impossible’? If you
really want to say this, how about you say this? ——I, who’s married to
Griselda, would never hurt or kill her. What you just said was a
baseless accusation.”
“No.”

Yolko responded with a very soft voice. I held my breath to watch
this petite female player, and she slowly shook her head violently.

“No, that’s not it. I have proof…the killer who killed the leader felt
that the items that were dropped were worthless and left them at the
scene. Luckily, a player who knew the leader’s name found these items
and sent the leftover items over to the guild home. That’s why we used
this place…used this tombstone as the grave. At that time, we put her
sword at this tombstone, and let it disappear as the durability wore out.
Bu…but that’s not all. I even buried something…something she left
behind that I never mentioned before.”
After saying that, Yolko turn around and knelt down beside the
small tombstone and started digging with her hand. As everyone
watched silently, Yolko finally stood up and handed the object over for
everyone to see. It was a glossy silver box that shone under the
moonlight.
“Ah…«Eternal Storage Trinket»…!”

It was just like what Asuna said. What Yolko took out was a
storage box that only a master-class craftsman could make to preserve
the durability of an item. It was a cuboid that was 10cm in size, so it
couldn’t store large items. However, it can store a few things that were
the size of accessories. Even when placed in the wilderness, the
durability will never drop, and the items wouldn’t disappear on their
own.

193

Sword Art Online Volume 8 – Early and Late
A Murder Case in the Area

box.

Yolko reached out her left hand and opened the lid of the silver

What lay on the white silk were two glowing rings.

Yolko first took out one of them—a larger silver ring. At the flat
surface of the ring, there was a mark of an apple on it.

“This is the thing the leader always equipped on the middle finger
of her right hand, the seal of the «Golden Apple». I kept the same thing
too, so you can tell once you compare them.”

After putting it back, she took out another one —— a long and
thin ring that glowed golden.

“And this —— is the wedding ring she would always wear on the
left ring finger, you know, Grimlock! Your name is clearly engraved on
it too!...These two rings were at the same place —— THAT’S THE
UNSHAKEABLE PROOF THAT THE LEADER WAS WEARING THEM
EVEN AS SHE WAS TAKEN OUT OF THE AREA AND KILLED! ISN’T IT!?
IF NOT, TRY ARGUING BACK!!”
At the end, she was screaming hysterically in tears.

A large number of tears flowed down Yolko’s cheeks, and she
reached her hand with the golden ring out for Grimlock to see.

At this moment, nobody spoke up. Caynz, Schmitt, Asuna and I
could only watch both of them in their confrontation with our eyes
widened.

The tall and thin craftsman’s lips were still curled as he remained
there for more than 10 seconds. Finally, the lips trembled slightly
before opening up.
194

Sword Art Online Volume 8 – Early and Late
A Murder Case in the Area

“That ring…I think it was during the funeral when you asked me,
Yolko, whether I wanted to take Griselda’s wedding ring. I answered
that we should let it disappear naturally with the sword. If at that
moment…I said I wanted to take it away…”

Grimlock lowered his head deeply and buried his face inside the
hat, collapsing onto the ground as if the strings controlling his tall body
had snapped.

Yolko placed the golden ring back into the box, closed the lid and
held the box tightly before looking up at the sky with her twisted teary
face, saying with a voice that had lost its sharpness.

“…Why…just why, Grimlock. Why, did you really want to snatch
the ring to exchange it for money, and kill the leader…your own wife,
for the sake of that?”
“…Money? Did you say money?”

As he continued to kneel, Grimlock said with a hoarse voice, and
then started laughing.

He raised his left hand, summoned the menu window, and after a
short time of operating, what appeared as an object was a leather bag
that’s just slightly big. Grimlock grabbed it and threw it onto the
ground. Amidst the heavy sound, there are some clear metallic sounds
in them. From this, I could deduce that the bag had a large amount of
money.
“That’s half of the money earned when it was sold. Not a single
coin has left it.”
“Eh…?”

195

Sword Art Online Volume 8 – Early and Late
A Murder Case in the Area

Grimlock looked up at the puzzled and frowning Yolko, and then
looked over at us and said in a hoarse voice,

“It’s not because of money. I…I had to kill her, while she was still
my wife.”

The round glasses glanced at the moss-riddled tombstone for an
instant and quickly turned back, and the craftsman continued his
words.

“Griselda, Grimlock. The Gri at the beginning isn’t a coincidence.
She and I, we used the same names in the net games we played before
SAO. And if the system allowed it, we were always husband and wife.
That’s because…she was my wife in the real world.”

I was thoroughly shocked deep inside as my mouth opened
slightly. Asuna gasped as well as Yolko and the rest looked extremely
surprised.

“To me, she’s an ideal wife without a flaw. It’s like she was
designed as a wife who would follow the husband, who was extremely
cute and obedient and never quarrelled. It’s just that…when we were
trapped in this world together…she changed…”Grimlock shook his face
that was almost covered by the hat and sighed,

“The one who was scared and trembling when we entered this
forced death game was me. What sort of talent was hidden in
her…whether it was the battle ability or decision making, Griselda…no,
«Yuuko» far exceeded me. Also, that’s not it. Later, she went against my
opposition, creating a guild and enlisting members before starting to
train. She…as compared to the real world, was filled with even more
life…looking extremely fulfilled…as I stood beside her and watched her,
even I had to admit that the Yuuko I loved had disappeared. Even if we
196

Sword Art Online Volume 8 – Early and Late
A Murder Case in the Area

cleared the game and returned to the real world, the quiet and
obedient Yuuko would never come back.

The shoulders of the longcoat that had buttons in front trembled
slightly. Was he mocking himself or feeling the pain of his own loss? I
couldn’t tell. That soft voice continued,

“…Can you understand what I was scared of? If I returned to the
real world…and if Yuuko raised the proposal that we’re to divorce…I
would never be able to endure the shame. Then…while I was still her
husband in this world where killing is legal, I wanted to seal Yuuko in
my memories. This wish of mine…I suppose no one can blame me,
right…?”

The slow and horrifying confession ended, and during this time,
no one was able to say anything.

And what I heard was the hoarse voice coming out from my
throat.

“Shame…shame? Because your own wife stopped listening to
you…you killed her just for this reason? She trained herself and her
friends so that we can all be released from SAO…and hoped to join the
clearing group one day, and you…killed her…for such a reason…”

I used my left wrist to hold down the right hand that was about to
reach for the sword on my back.

Grimlock slowly lifted his face, the bottom of the glasses reflecting
a soft light, and muttered at me,

“Such a reason? Of course not. That’s an ample reason. One day,
you’ll understand, Mr Detective. When you get love and are about to
lose it.”

197

Sword Art Online Volume 8 – Early and Late
A Murder Case in the Area

“No, you’re the one in the wrong, Grimlock!”

The one who argued back wasn’t me, but Asuna.

The exceptionally pretty face gave an expression even I didn’t
know of, and the rapier user said calmly,

“What you harbored for Griselda wasn’t love, just possessiveness.
If you loved her, take off the glove on your left hand. You probably
threw the same ring away which Griselda didn’t take off even as she
was killed.”
Grimlock’s shoulders jerked slightly, and just like me, his right
hand was holding on to his left.
However, his hand didn’t do anything else. The craftsman
remained silent and didn’t take off the leather glove.

The one who broke the silence again was Schmitt, who didn’t talk
up til now.

“…Kirito, can you leave this guy’s punishment to us? Of course, we
won’t lynch him, but we’ll definitely make him atone for his sins.”

This calm voice didn’t have any sense of the absolute terror it had
several minutes ago.

I looked up at the muscular guy whose armor let out some sounds
and nodded slightly.
“I got it. I’ll leave it to you then.”

Schmitt nodded wordlessly and grabbed Grimlock’s right hand to
pull him up. After checking that the craftsman with his head lowered
wouldn’t run away, he simply said “Sorry to trouble you” and left the
hill.
198

Sword Art Online Volume 8 – Early and Late
A Murder Case in the Area

Yolko and Caynz, who buried that silver box back in, walked
towards us, bowed deeply and exchanged looks with us. Yolko then
said,
“Asuna-san, Kirito-san. I’m really sorry…I don’t know how to
thank you two. Without you two, we would probably be killed
here…and Grimlock’s crime won’t be revealed.”

“No…luckily you managed to remember those two rings in the
end. Nicely done. If you return back to the real world, you can be a
prosecutor or lawyer.”
On hearing this, Yolko smiled and shrugged.

“No…you two may not believe this, but at that moment, I seemed
to have heard the leader’s voice and remembered the rings.”
“…I see…”

Both of them bowed again. Asuna and I then watched them walk
down the hill, following Schmitt from behind.

Soon after, the 4 cursors all disappeared into the town. On the hill
in the wilderness, there was only the blue moonlight and the steady
night wind.
“…I say, Kirito-kun.”

Suddenly, Asuna whispered softly.

“If you…if you get married with someone and found out
something about her that you didn’t know about, how will you think?”
“Eh?”

199

Sword Art Online Volume 8 – Early and Late
A Murder Case in the Area

This question that I had never considered before caused me to be
stunned. I had only lived for 15 years, and this delicate question of life
is something I couldn’t understand completely.

But after thinking about it, I finally said an answer that more or
less lacked thought.
“I’ll probably think that I’m lucky.”

“Eh?”

“Tha…that’s because if we’re married, it means that both of us like
the areas we can see, right? So if we find a new side after that, and if we
still like each other…won’t it be tw, twice the love?”
I know that it’s really a stupid explanation, but Asuna merely
frowned, tilted her head and smiled.
“I see. That’s weird.”

“We…weird…”

“Well, it’s nothing much. Let’s not talk about this…a lot of things
have happened, and my stomach is grumbling. Let’s go get something
to eat.”

“Tha, that’s right. Then…that Algade’s specialty that looks like
okonomiyaki without the sauce…”
“Rejected.”

As expected, Asuna refused it, and suddenly grabbed my shoulder
from before.

Shocked, I turn to look behind, and what was in front of my
eyes——

200

Sword Art Online Volume 8 – Early and Late
A Murder Case in the Area

The umpteenth inexplicable scene ever since I got involved in this
‘inside area incident’ appeared in my eyes.

In Aincrad, all sorts of senses are digitalized data that can be
indicated through process codes, so it’s impossible for supernatural
phenomenon to happen.
So is this a bug is the server I see? Or is it an illusion in my
breath?

Not far away, on the north side of the hill, under the old trees
gathered there, beside a moss-riddled tombstone standing there...was a
translucent female player giving off a slightly golden light.
Her slender body has the bare minimum metallic armor. The long
sword is tied at her waist, the shield is on her back, and her shorthaired head has a serene and beautiful face. Her eyes has a strong glow
that I know most players have.
The eyes of a clearer who wished to use the blade to end this
death game.

This female player who’s giving a serene smile watches Asuna
and me wordlessly. However, after a while, she extends her right hand
over to us to seemingly hand something over.
Asuna and I reached our right hands out, and as we felt the
warmth, we clasped onto it tightly. This warmth entered our bodies,
lighting the fire within our chest. We opened our mouths and said out
the words the form within us.

“Your will…we’ll definitely carry it on. One day, we’ll definitely
beat this game and release everyone for you to see.”
“Un, definitely, so…please watch over us, Griselda-san.”

201

Sword Art Online Volume 8 – Early and Late
A Murder Case in the Area

Asuna’s words rode through the night wind and reached the
female swordsman. The transparent face showed a large smile——
And in that instant, nobody was there.

We put our hands down and remained spaced out over there for
quite some time.
Soon after, Asuna clasped my hand tightly, smiling and saying,

“Let’s go back. We have to work hard tomorrow.”
“…Yeah. I want to clear that level by this week.”

We then turned before walking down the hill, heading towards
the main town.

(END)

202

Sword Art Online Volume 8 – Early and Late
Caliber

Caliber

203

Sword Art Online Volume 8 – Early and Late
Caliber

Chapter 1
“Onii-chan, look at this.”

With that sound, Suguha handed me a thin tablet terminal. I
looked at it sleepily.

I went to sleep like normal last night, but it seemed like I had a
long dream. Maybe it was due to that, this morning at the breakfast
table, I had to use strong coffee to forcefully turn my thinking gears
that refused to move. However in this situation, a small warning lamp
lit in part of my head, and I hesitated whether to accept the tablet or
not.

Because about two weeks ago, in a similar situation and timing,
when she handed me a hard copy, it was my secret misdeed—not
exactly that serious, but Suguha silently collected evidence of my
character conversion from flight type VRMMO «ALfheim Online» (ALO)
to the gun battle VRMMO «Gun Gale Online» (GGO). ‘Is this the same as
that time, but what have I done recently’, while thinking that, Suguha
said with a bitter smile.
“I am not going to hang you, this time. Just look at it!”

I fearfully accepted the tablet that was held out again, and took a
peek.

It displayed the same thing as the previous hard copy, a news
story from the country’s largest VRMMORPG information site «MMO
Tomorrow». However, the page category was not GGO but ALO. When I

204

Sword Art Online Volume 8 – Early and Late
Caliber

looked at the first article screenshot, I saw not a player avatar but a
landscape. So it was true, it wasn’t a story of a certain Spriggan dressed
in black.
Relieved, I read the headline of the article.

However right after, I suffered a different kind of shock, and
raised my voice when I finished.
“Wh... Whattt!”

[The Strongest Legendary Weapon «Holy Sword Excaliber»,
Discovered At Last!].
It was written down on the article like that.

I forgot my previous fatigue and read the text as if devouring it,
and a long moan escaped from my mouth.
“Uh—huh... they found it at last...”

“Well, I still think it took them a long time.”

Opposite of me, Suguha spread blueberry jam on her toast, and
responded with a pout.
«Holy Sword Excaliber».

It was the only weapon in ALO that is said to surpass «Demonic
Sword Gram» which the Salamander general Eugene had. However for
a long time, other than a small description and picture at the bottom of
the weapon introduction section on the official game site, how to
obtain it in the game was unknown.

—No, to be exact, there were only three players that knew, that’s
not right, four people. Suguha, Asuna, Yui, and me. We found it at the

205

Sword Art Online Volume 8 – Early and Late
Caliber

beginning of this year, in January 2025. Since it was now December
28th, the secret of Excaliber had been kept for nearly a full year.
“Ah... if it is like this, we should have challenged it again...”

While complaining, I shoved my spoon into the jar of homemade
jam which Suguha gave me and scooped the purple jelly onto my toast.
Then I spread some whipped butter, making a marbled design.
Recently trying to control her calorie intake, Suguha discretely
watched me prepare my toast and tried to endure while comparing the
toast in her right hand, but her willpower’s saving roll apparently
failed, and without a word she pulled the butter jar toward herself.
Trying to show that she could at least control the amount, she
carefully spread the butter sparingly. Suguha took a bite of that toast
and corrected my misunderstanding.
“Keep reading, it has still only been found. It seems that no one
has acquired it yet.”
“What.”

I who was going to take a big bite into my toast, stopped my hand
and stared at the tablet on the table again. It was written in the article
that the existence of Excaliber was confirmed, but there was nothing
saying that somebody had gotten it. Thinking about it, if a player had
acquired it, the article picture would be a screen shot of those guys
proudly holding that golden sword.
“I see, don’t scare me...”

I mumbled as I took a big bite of my toast this time, and let out a
cry of relief. Seeing that, Suguha laughed at my impatience, took the
milk carton and poured it into the glass in front of me.
206

Sword Art Online Volume 8 – Early and Late
Caliber

Today is Sunday, December 28, 2025, 9:30AM. For both Suguha
and me, it was the start of winter break, so we were having a slightly
late breakfast. Mother seems to have some proofreading left to
complete this year, so she flew out of the house earlier with a toast in
her mouth. The e-books without the need for a printing office had both
advantages and disadvantages.
Father, whose job took him to New York, was busy as usual, sent
an e-mail saying that he was returning home on the 30th. When it was
just Suguha and me at the table, our conversation naturally drifted
toward ALO, as usual.

After finishing my first piece of toast, I spoke of my doubts as I
spread my second toast with tuna this time.

“But, then how did they find it? Flight is impossible in Jötunheimr,
but Excaliber is at a height where it can only be seen with flight.”

A year ago, after departing from the Sylph capital and while
aiming for the central city Aarun, Suguha (Lyfa) and I (Kirito) finally
saw the world tree. But we were immediately swallowed by a giant
worm monster, and passed through its digestive tract, then dropped
into the Underworld, Jötunheimr.

We fell into a field populated with giant evil-god class monsters
which we could not possibly defeat, and as we tried to reach the stairs
to above ground, we came across a very strange scene. A humanoid
type evil-god with four arms was attacking an evil-god that looked like
a jellyfish with a long nose and the head of an elephant.

Lyfa had shouted “Help the one being bullied!”, and I who had
drawn the four armed one into a nearby lake, and when it reached the
water, the jellyfish evil-god won. Far from attacking us, that fellow who
Lyfa named «Tonkii» took us on its back, and carried us to the center of

207

Sword Art Online Volume 8 – Early and Late
Caliber

Jötunheimr. Tonkii, who underwent an «emergence» from a pupa, flew
while carrying Lyfa and me to a walkway leading through the canopy
to above ground—in the middle of that, we saw it. A huge inverted
pyramid dungeon wrapped in the roots of the World Tree hung from
the canopy, sealed in a sparkling crystal at the very bottom was a
golden sword.

Suguha seemed to have relived that memory along with me, and
with upturned eyes, said with a smile.

“Onii-chan, at that time you were really at a loss. Whether to
return to the ground or jump off Tonkii and try to go through the
dungeon and get Excaliber.”

“W... Well, I hesitated... But I dare say it, people who don’t hesitate
there, I won’t recognize them as real net gamers!”
“Those words are not very cool.”

Suguha made that assessment while smiling, and looked down
seemingly lost in thought. Apparently she was not at a loss on what to
spread on her second piece of toast though, for she reached for the
tube of tuna spread and whispered.

“...Tonkii will only come if Onii-chan or I call. ...I have not heard of
anyone finding another way to fly in Jötunheimr. Does this mean,
someone has saved another elephant jellyfish evil-god like us and
succeeded in obtaining the quest flag...”

“It might be like that... That disgusting... no, unique form evil-god
being saved by a whimsical... no, philanthropist person other than Sugu,
I am surprised they exist.”
“He isn’t disgusting! He is cute!”

208

Sword Art Online Volume 8 – Early and Late
Caliber

While glaring at me, my supposed-to-be 16 year old sister
declared that and continued speaking.

“But, with this, I think it is just a matter of time before someone
successfully breaks through the dungeon and gets the sword. It was
not discovered until today because it is hard to understand the
conditions for the flag activation, but a year has passed and there was
the update that introduced Sword Skills, so the degree of difficulty of
the dungeon itself should have decreased.”
“You... are right...”

Taking a sip of my milk, I nodded.

It was January this year that we found Excaliber. After that, the
administration of ALO was transferred from RECTO Progress to its
current venture company, then there was the addition of the Floating
Castle Aincrad, causing a huge change in the game. When things finally
calmed down in June, Lyfa, Asuna, Yui, and I got on Tonkii’s back again
and challenged the dungeon to obtain the Holy Sword Excaliber.

And failed miserably. That aerial inverted pyramid dungeon was
full of the boss type of giant four-armed humanoid evil-gods that had
bullied Tonkii, they were so strong as to make us want to cry out “No
way―!”. The three of us plus one had gone ahead of time, not to
challenge it but to scout it out. At that time we determined that it was
impossible, so we swore we would “Challenge it again after we became
stronger.”—But.
The first ten levels of Aincrad were opened when it was put into
the game, with up to the 20th level opened up until September, so our
plans were focused there. We sometimes went to Jötunheimr to collect
materials, and incidentally called Tonkii to play with it, but about

209

Sword Art Online Volume 8 – Early and Late
Caliber

Excaliber, since no one else was going after it—or more like no one has
found it, a year had passed by like that.

However, in MMORPGs, it is impossible for items to never be
found. The details were still unclear, but since the location of the sword
appeared on the news site like that at last, a lot of players would be
rushing to Jötunheimr, some of which might have already entered the
aerial dungeon.
“...What are you going to do, Onii-chan?”

Suguha asked, lifting her glass of milk with both hands after she
finished off her second toast.
Against that, I cleared my throat to respond.

“Sugu, pursuing rare items isn’t the only pleasures of VRMMOs.”

“...Yeah, that’s true. Even if the weapon specs are strong...”

“However, I think we must answer the feelings of Tonkii, who
showed us the sword. As for that fellow, surely he hopes we will break
through the dungeon. Because to us, Tonkii is a friend, right.”
“...Earlier, you said he was disgusting...”

I asked my younger sister with damp eyes, and the biggest
possible smile.
“So, Sugu, are you free today?”

“...Well, my club is on break.”

Good! I punched my right fist into my left palm. And changing the
gears of my thoughts, I started talking about the capture strategy really
quickly.
210

Sword Art Online Volume 8 – Early and Late
Caliber

“The maximum number of people Tonkii could reliably carry is
seven. So, with Sugu and me, Asuna, Klein, Silica, and Liz... that leaves
one more person. Agil is busy with his shop... Chrysheight is unreliable,
Recon is at the Sylph capital...”
“...How about try to invite Sinon-san.”
“That’s it!”

I snapped my fingers and immediately took out my cell phone,
scrolling through the phone book.

Earlier this month, I was involved in a certain case in GGO - «Gun
Gale Online», and converted Kirito, I met a female player named Sinon
there. After solving the case, Sinon became friends with Liz and Asuna,
who invited her to make a character in ALO.

But since it is a new character that has only been used for two
weeks since it was made, for an all skill system like ALO, the average of
many of her numerical stats was still low. But with Sinon’s senses, she
should be able to stand tall even in very difficult dungeons.
Opposite me, who was sending e-mails at maximum speed,
Suguha quickly stacked the plates and glasses, and took them to the
kitchen. It might be just my imagination, but her footsteps had a
bounce to them. Perhaps, no matter what she says, she was planning it
to turn out like this when she showed me the news.

Diving into the other world with my companions, challenging a
difficult and thrilling mission. Something more fun than this would be
hard to find.

Once I had finished sending an invitation to five people, including
Sinon, via e-mail, I did a short run to the kitchen to help Suguha.
211

Sword Art Online Volume 8 – Early and Late
Caliber

Even though it’s a Sunday, to so easily gather a seven people party
in the year-end morning, it must by the inviter’s natural virtue—no, it
must be the result of the «Holy Sword Excaliber» strongly calling out to
their gamer souls. Compared to half a year ago when Asuna, Lyfa, Yui,
and I challenged it, this time we have more people and our individual
stats are far higher.

Our meeting place was at Yggdrasil City’s main street, where a
signboard stating «Lisbeth’s Arms Shop» was. The Leprechaun
storekeeper was sharpening everyone’s weapons in order on a
whetstone wheel. Before a large-scale quest, it was common sense to
revive the durability of our equipment to the max.

To that Salamander katana user, Klein, who was sitting on the
bench next the wall with legs crossed, with the excuse of «cheering up»,
and tilting a wine bottle back in the morning—of course, even so not
one milliliter of alcohol entered his real body—the Cait Sith
Beastmaster Silica, who had the fluffy blue dragon on her head, asked
him.
“Klein-san, are you already on New Year vacation?”

“As of yesterday. There are no loads at this time even if I want to
work. Our president is proud of our super white company having a
week of vacation before and after year-end!”

Even looking like that, Klein is a proper member-of-society
employee that works at a small import company. He always speaks ill
of his company President, but he was taken good care of during his two
years of imprisonment in SAO, and after Klein returned alive, he was
immediately able to return to work, so it must be a good company.
Klein also seems to feel indebted to him, and recently developed a long
distance presentation system using a mobile camera and «the seed»

212

Sword Art Online Volume 8 – Early and Late
Caliber

package. For me who helped a lot in modifying that camera, only
treating me to all-you-can-eat roasted meat once was a bit hard to
swallow, but I will call it even for him helping me with today’s quest—.

Leaning against the wall while I thought, the object of my thought,
Klein, looked at me and said.

“Hey Kirito, if we succeed today in getting «Holy Sword
Excaliber», next time you can help me get «Spirit Katana Kagutsuchi».”
“What... that dungeon is damn hot...”

“If you say that then Jötunheimr we are going to today is damn
cold!”

While we were having our low-level argument, a subdued voice
came from the left.
“Ah, then I want that «Light Bow Shekhinah».”

I looked at the person who stopped talking. Leaning on the wall
with her back same as me, standing with arms crossed, from short light
blue hair, grew sharp triangle shaped ears, was a female Cait Sith
player. If Silica was a friendly munchkin type, then this was a cool
Siamese cat—no, she would be a ferocious wildcat.
“You only made your character two weeks ago, and you already
desire a legendary weapon?”

In response to my question, the wildcat’s slim long tail moved in a
waving motion and answered.
“The bow Liz made is wonderfully constructed, but I would like it
to have a little more range if possible...”

213

Sword Art Online Volume 8 – Early and Late
Caliber

At that moment, from the workbench deep in her workshop,
Lisbeth who was just then changing the string on that bow turned
around and replied with a forced smile.

“You there, the bows in this world, are a weapon with more range
than a spear but less range than magic! Aiming at more than 100
meters away is just not normal!”
In contrast, the wildcat just shrugged, and put on an unruffled
smiled.
“What I would really like is double that range.”

At her home base in GGO, she was an over 2000 meters ultra
long-range sniper, knowing that, I could not help but make a stiff smile.
If she really got that bow, in duels without area range limit, before you
can bring a sword into range, you would be shot with arrows like a
hedgehog and that would be the END.

The water color haired wildcat—is a new friend, Sinon that came
to ALO two weeks ago, with just one day of practice, she fully mastered
the hard to use bow. Speaking of archers in ALO, it can be mobile
Sylphs with short bows, or Gnomes who excel in endurance and
strength using a heavy ballista as a mobile battery, she totally ignored
those theories and instead focused on range with a longbow, choosing
to be a Cait Sith, the race with the best eyesight out of the nine for her
build. Thinking of letting her do what she wants at the beginning and
other things, but seeing her arrows hitting in longer range than fireattribute magic, and killing monsters before they can approach her, I
ended up kneeling to her inside my heart.

The arrow from bows in this world, under normal distance, has
system assist like magic attacks for target hit support, beyond that
distance, wind and gravity influence will make the arrow miss the

214

Sword Art Online Volume 8 – Early and Late
Caliber

target. However, GGO used a common engine to simulate «the effects of
wind and gravity», so it was like Sinon had been training on manual
correction for years. It’s the same as when I went to GGO and used
«view detection» skill that is not in the system, this means the
similarities for VRMMO made using The Seed, still has things in it that I
did not think of—.
While I was thinking about various things, the workshop door to
my right was flung open forcefully.
“I am back!” “Sorry for the wait.”

The owners of those voices were Lyfa and Asuna, who had gone
potion shopping. It seems they did not put the objects into their item
slots, but carried them back from the market in the baskets they
carried, they dumped various small bottles and nuts onto the table in
the center of the room.
A little fairy flew from Asuna’s shoulder—she was a Navigation
Pixie named Yui, landed on my head and sat down. My Avatar, the
Spriggan «Kirito», had long pointed hair, at Yui’s request now I have
my old hairstyle. The reason was it was «hard to sit on».
On my head, Yui started speaking in a voice like a bell.

“I gathered some information while we were shopping, there was
not any player or party that have reached that aerial dungeon, papa.”
“Oh... Then, why is «Excaliber»’s location known?”

“Apparently, a different quest than the Tonkii one we discovered
was found. That quest’s reward seems to be the NPC showing
Excaliber’s location.”
215

Sword Art Online Volume 8 – Early and Late
Caliber

Hearing Yui’s words, Asuna, who was organizing the potions,
turned around with her Undine’s only long blue hair waving, made a
small frown and nodded.

“And apparently, it wasn’t a peaceful quest either. Rather than
errand or guard type, it was a slaughter type. Now, thanks to that, it is a
brutal fight to claim re-pop monsters in Jötunheimr.”
“...That surely won’t be calm...”
I twisted my lips, too.

Slaughter type, as the name indicates, «Defeat over xx number of
xx type monster» or «Gather xx number of drop items from xx type
monster», that kind of quest. Naturally, because it is a quest that
requires a party to keep hunting a certain type of monster in a certain
area, when other parties on the same quest is in the same small area,
the scramble for the best re-pops, that is the re-spawned monsters
inevitably leads to PvP battles.
“But, isn’t that strange?”

Klein who finished his bottle of brandy, wiped his lips and opened
his mouth.

“«Holy Sword Excaliber» is sealed in the deepest chamber in an
aerial dungeon guarded by powerful evil-gods right? What does it
mean to have a quest reward from an NPC reveal it?”
“Now that you say it, it does seem so.”

Silica too, while hugging Fina who came down from her head to
her chest, tilted her head.

“If it’s a reward for transportation to the dungeon, that’s
understandable...”

216

Sword Art Online Volume 8 – Early and Late
Caliber

“—Well, we’ll understand once we get there, I’m sure.”

Next to me, the comment from Sinon was as cool as ever, and
Lisbeth cried out from deep in her workshop just after that.
“Great! All weapons, full recovery!”

“Thanks for your hard work!!”

Everyone sang a chorus in appreciation. Then took their shining
like new, loving sword, katana, bow and other weapons back and
equipped them. Next, from the table, Asuna divided the potions into
seven portions by inherent command capability, we took them and put
them in the belt pouch at our waists. Then stored the items we couldn’t
carry in our item slots.
Taking a quick glance at the real world time display in the lower
right hand corner of my view, I saw it was just 11:00 AM. We would
take a lunch and restroom break at some time, but probably can make
it to the first safety zone in the aerial dungeon.
Looking around, I saw that preparations were complete by all
seven + one + one dragon, and cleared my throat to get everyone’s
attention.

“Everyone, thank you for coming today in response to my urgent
call! I’ll repay you for this one day, in spirit! Well then—let’s do our
best!”

Ooo! It might have been my imagination, but there seemed to be
slightly wry smiles mixed into that chorus. Turning around and
opening the door of the workshop, I aimed for the secret tunnel which
led from Aarun that is below Yggdrasil to the underworld, Jötunheimr,
and started my boots forward.
217

Sword Art Online Volume 8 – Early and Late
Caliber

Chapter 2
The narrow alley, which wasn’t shown on the map of Aarun’s
back streets, split left and right, the stairs went up and down until it
reached a door at the garden of a private house we passed previously.

It was an unremarkable rounded wooden door, it actually lead
people to think of it as a decorative object, which could not be opened.
Lyfa put a small copper key from her pouch into the key hole, and
turned it, causing a clear Clink unlocking sound. The key was added to
our storage without my knowledge when Tonkii carried us through the
tunnel for the first time. So it could be said that it was impossible to
open the door from the Aarun side.

I grabbed the iron hoops and pulled, the wooden door slid open in
the middle to the left and right, revealing the interior descending stairs.
Once the line of all seven people went past, and Klein, who was at the
end of the line, closed the door, it automatically locked itself again.
“Uwahh......What are these steps for?”

Lisbeth, who came here for the first time, couldn’t help but
exclaim loudly. The descending stairs which was the floor of the tunnel
had a diameter of around two meters, it was illuminated by the small
lamps on the wall, emitting a pallid phosphorescent light, and the
length of the stairs seemed to continue into the limit of resolution.
“Hmm, it is like part of the Aincrad’s labyrinth tower zone.”

The answer came from Asuna who was at the start of the line and
had already stepped down the stairs; Liz, Silica, and Klein’s faces

218

Sword Art Online Volume 8 – Early and Late
Caliber

showed surprise at the same time. I made a wry smile, then stressed
my gratitude toward this tunnel.

“Well, if you think about going to Jötunheimr using the normal
route, first you have to find the stairway dungeon, which is located on
the unknown location on the Aarun plateau, advance inside while
fighting the monsters, and lastly, defeat the boss guarding the place.
One party would still require at least two hours to do that, but this
route only takes five minutes! If I was Lyfa, I’d start a business here
collecting toll of a thousand Yurudo per entry.”

“Hey, Onii-chan, exiting here without Tonkii will drop you to an
unavoidable death at the large underground hollow in the middle of
Jötunheimr though.”

Lyfa said while making a tired face, she was always too straight.

At the very center of the large underground world, Jötunheimr
was a big bottomless hole with a diameter of around 1.5 kilometers, it
had been given names like «Deep Central Hollow» or «Great Void». The
holy sword Excaliber was sealed within the air maze inside the upside
down pyramid, which protruded from the canopy right above that void.
The exit of the stairs we were running down was close to the air maze,
and was also located high up in the sky over the void, jumping over will
certainly result in going down that bottomless pit and to our deaths,
returning to the save point above the ground with no question asked.
Ahem, I cleared my throat and said with a strict face.

“Well, for that reason, let’s take each step with appreciation and
without complaining, gentlemen.”
“It wasn’t you who made this though”

219

Sword Art Online Volume 8 – Early and Late
Caliber

Sinon who was walking in front of me immediately responded.
Still as cool and straight as ever, I should express the gratitude for this
Tsukkon properly.
“Thanks for the Tsukkomi.” 1

Saying thanks, and at the same time grabbing hold of the light
blue tail swaying in front of me to substitute a hand shake.
“Fugyaa!!”

Suddenly, the wildcat archer made a loud scream and jumped.
She turned around, and skillfully ran back up, but I pulled my face back
with ease before both her claws could make a scratch.

The triangular ears and tail unique to the Cait Sith race were of
course organs human don’t have, however, they could sense the feeling
using an unknown mechanism. Being grabbed hard by a player who
wasn’t aware of the fact would cause a «super weird feeling»——
Silica’s explanation——for that reason, the reaction was always very
amusing.
“You, the next time you do this I’ll shoot a fire arrow straight up
your nostril!”

Hmph! In front of Sinon who turned around quickly; Lyfa, Liz,
Silica, Asuna, with Yui sitting on her shoulder all shook their heads in a
flawlessly synchronized motion. Klein who was behind them groaned
in admiration, “You just don’t know fear, huh.”

A traditional style of stand-up comedy in Japanese culture, which usually involves two
performers —a straight man (tsukkomi) and a funny man (boke)—trading jokes at great speed.
1

220

Sword Art Online Volume 8 – Early and Late
Caliber

221

Sword Art Online Volume 8 – Early and Late
Caliber

Just under the expected five minutes, as the party was passing
through the outer crust of Alfheim via the tunnel stairs, a dim white
light could be seen at the end of the tunnel.

At the same time, the coldness of the virtual atmosphere
increased with each step. The sparkling ice crystals started glittering in
front of their faces.
After a few seconds, we were finally out of the crust, our vision
caught sight of the bird’s eye view of Jötunheimr. The stairs which
were carved into the thick tree root continued on in midair for about
fifteen more meters before it ended.
“Uu......waah......!!”
“Wow......”

Sinon and Silica, the two cats who saw Jötunheimr for the first
time raised their voices at the same time. Even the small dragon Pina
on Silica’s head flapped its wings energetically.

Spread below the eyes and covered in the massive amount of
snow and ice was the beautiful and harsh world of eternal night.
Illumination came from the huge ice crystals protruding from the
canopy surrounding us, which refracted a small amount of light from
the ground above. Other light sources were from the yellow-green or
purple-blue burning bonfires at the castle and fortress of the evil-god
tribes scattered here and there on the surface. The height from the
ground to the center of the canopy could reach one kilometer, the
countless numbers of evil-gods on the field couldn’t be seen from this
height. And right below was the huge bottomless pit, inhaling all light,
the «Void».
222

Sword Art Online Volume 8 – Early and Late
Caliber

Returning the gaze from below back to the front, it was a terrific
scene difficult to describe with words.

The countless roots crept about——the roots of Yggdrasil stood
tall above Alfheim ground—— it seemed like they were supporting the
thin blue ice block protruding sharply from the canopy, which was our
destination, the «Aerial Dungeon», that was shaped like an inverted
pyramid. Its base was three hundred meters on each side, and its
height was about the same. The myriad of rooms and passages which
had been dug inside the ice could be seen from this distance, as well as
the huge shadow hovering there.
Finally, my vision moved to the sharp tip at the bottom of the
inverted pyramid.

Even with the increased night vision of the Spriggan race’s special
trait, it was still hard to see the shining gold light which blinked briefly.
At the depth of that shining light resided the strongest incentive, ALO’s
strongest legendary class weapon, the «Holy Sword Excaliber», was
sealed there.
After the general status confirmation had been completed, Asuna
then held her right hand up and started reciting the smooth spell
words. At that moment, the body of all members were wrapped in a
thin blue light, and a small icon lit up under the HP gauge at the upper
left of their vision. Immediately, the chill went away as if we wore a
first class down jacket. It was the freeze resistance boost supporting
spell.
“Okay.”

Lyfa nodded after hearing Asuna voice, her right fingers were
applied to her lips and she whistled a high pitch.
223

Sword Art Online Volume 8 – Early and Late
Caliber

Several seconds later, Kwooo―......n, a distant cry mixed with the
sound of the wind slowly approached. Contrasting the dark void
background, a white shade could be seen ascending.

From the side of the body, it looked like a spatulated fish, or a
shamoji, with four pairs, eight fins resembling white wings stretched
out. Hanging from the lower side of the body were numerous ivy-like
tentacles. Its head had three black eyes on each of the three sides, and
an extended long nose. The evil-god which «emergence» from the
elephant-jellyfish into this strange yet beautiful form, was Tonkii.
“Tonkii-saaaaan!”

From Asuna’s shoulder, Yui called out with all her voice, the
strange evil-god cried Oo―n once again. It ascended in a spiral
movement after flapping its strong wings. With its shape becoming
larger, the four new comers retraced their steps back up the stairs.
“It’s alright, this guy is herbivorous.”

After I said that, Lyfa turned around and grinned.

“But, the other day I gave him fish I brought from above ground,
he ate them all in one bite though.”
“............H-Heh.”

Klein and the others took another step back, but the narrow stairs
had no more room for them to retreat. Once Tonkii was right in front of
us, it stretched its long nose from its face which still resembled an
elephant’s, and with its bushy haired tip —— stroked Klein’s standing
hair.
“Ubyrho!?”

224

Sword Art Online Volume 8 – Early and Late
Caliber

I pushed the back of Katana user who made an odd sound without
mercy.
“Hurry, go ride on its back.”

“E...Even you say that, I, not riding American cars and flying
elephants was the last will of my grandfather......”

“The other day at the Dicey Café, your grandfather just gave me
handmade dried persimmons, didn’t he? It was delicious too, please
bring me more next time!”

I pushed his back again after saying that, Klein fearfully stepped
on Tonkii’s shoulder and moved to its flat back. Subsequently was
Sinon, who had no fear as usual, followed by the animal lover Silica
who seemed to have included Tonkii into her target. Lisbeth said in an
unexpected girly voice “Yokkorasho!” while following, then Lyfa and
Asuna who weren’t first timers jumped on, lastly me, lightly scratching
the base of Tonkii’s nose before jumping onto the back of the evil-god
class monster, which had a total length of more than ten meters.
“Alright, Tonkii, please bring us to the dungeon entrance!”

Lyfa who sat right behind its neck shouted, Tonkii raised its long
nose and cried again, then slowly flapped its eight wings to move
forward.

For me, this was the fifth time riding on the back of «Tonkii», the
flight type evil-god, including when we were just playing around . Even
if I didn’t mention it, I thought about it every time. It was——
“......Hey, what happens if we fall from here?”

That, was what I thought, frankly asked by Lisbeth who sat right
behind me.

225

Sword Art Online Volume 8 – Early and Late
Caliber

That’s right. It was the principle of Jötunheimr that all the fairy
tribes couldn’t fly here, and damage would be applied upon falling
from a high altitude. Depending on the skill value, damage would occur
when falling from over ten meters, and falling from more than thirty
meters would certainly lead to instant death.

However, Tonkii’s current flight altitude was in the region of a
thousand meters. There was no need to think about what would
happen if we fell from this height. Of course there were some safety
measures —— like grabbing the tentacles below its belly —— but I’d
rather not have to do so.
While everyone seemed to have the similar concern in their
minds; only Lyfa, the «Speed Holic» who sat in front, along with Yui
who moved to sit on her head, and Pina who was embraced by Silica,
were feeling comfortable.

The one who answered Liz’ question was Asuna who sat stickily
beside her. With a somewhat stiff expression, she looked at me and
smiled, then said,

“There was a person who climbed the pillar connecting to the
next layer in the old Aincrad and fell down, I’m sure that person would
experiment falling from here in the future too.”
“......Falling from this height, aren’t cats more suitable for that?”

The two felines immediately made a serious look and shook their
heads repeatedly.
During the exchange, Tonkii was still flapping its four pairs of
wings, slowly gliding through the air. Up ahead was the terrace
entrance to the aerial dungeon made out of ice, the entrance was

226

Sword Art Online Volume 8 – Early and Late
Caliber

located at the top side of the inverted pyramid. Hopefully it’ll be a safe
ride until the end——
I secretly wished that. At that moment,

Without any warning, Tonkii folded all its wings into sharp angles
and broke into a rapid dive.
“Uwaaaaah!?”

Was the loud yell by the two men.
“Kyaaaaa!”

The high scream by the girls group.
“Yaho——————!”
That was Lyfa.

Both my hands desperately grabbed at the hair, which grew
thickly on its wide back, to withstand the rushing wind pressure. The
diving angle seemed to be almost vertical, the ground below
progressively approaching. But why did it suddenly do this? Every ride
up till now was always a slow patrol course between the tree root
stairs and the ice terrace.
Was it tired of being used as a taxi? Or did the fish Lyfa gave it
before weigh heavily in its stomach?

While thinking about things which wouldn’t be beneficial to my
health, the details of the ground covered in ice and snow was getting
much higher precision. It seemed Tonkii was aiming for the southern
border of the huge pit, the «Void». Yes, it was the place where Lyfa and
I once fought with the Undine raid party trying to kill Tonkii.
227

Sword Art Online Volume 8 – Early and Late
Caliber

Immediately after that, the sudden decelerating G caused our
bodies to bend over and stick to the evil-god’s back. Tonkii spread out
its folded wings, applying the brakes to the nose dive. At least it looked
like it didn’t want to litter the ground with its luggage. I lifted up my
body while exhaling in relief.

I looked downwards from Tonkii’s back once it started cruising
horizontally again, the altitude was already at about fifty meters. Now
the state of the ground was clearly visible, like a high detailed aviation
photo. Dead trees with sharp icicles hanging. Frozen rivers and lakes.
then——
“............Ah......!?”

Lyfa who sat on Tonkii’s head raised her voice sharply and
stretched her body. She then pointed to a spot on the ground as she
squeezed out her voice that sounded almost like a scream.
“O..Onii-chan, look there!!”

Hearing that, the other five and I gazed to the front left, in the
direction Lyfa pointed her finger.

Suddenly a dazzling flash effect burst up, and shot into my eyes
which was accustomed to the dim light. Then, a bass sound followed
after a slight delay. Based on this, it was a large scale attack spell, no
doubt about it.

Tonkii made a sad Krrru―n cry. The reason for the cry was found
shortly,
The attack was focused on the manjū-like body sitting over the
long tentacles, with the long nose and big ears of an elephant, it was a
large jellyfish monster. The same type as Tonkii before undergoing
«emergence», no doubt about it.

228

Sword Art Online Volume 8 – Early and Late
Caliber

Then, the attack was from a large scale raid party with more than
thirty members. With colorful hair color and the varying body sizes, it
seemed to be a force of mixed races. If looking at just that, it could be
said that it was just the normal «Evil-god hunt party». But what Lyfa
saw which we didn’t, was the fact that it was not only the players that
attacked the elephant-jellyfish.

With the height of about six or seven times that of the Gnome’s,
while having the form of a human, it had four arms and three faces
lined up vertically. Its skin color was like pallid steel, its dull red eyes
had the reminiscence of burning coal.

It was the same as the humanoid evil-god monster which tried to
kill Tonkii the first time we met. Each of its arms held a steel-like crude
sword, the blunt blades repeatedly slammed into the elephantjellyfish’s back. Its hard shell cracked and the bodily fluid gushed out
while the players continued firing spells, arrows, and sword skills into
those cracks.
“What’s......going on there? Did someone tame that humanoid evilgod?”
Asuna whispered as she panted. Silica shook her head vigorously
and answered,
“That’s impossible! The tame success rate on evil-god class
monsters, even with maximum skill and full equipment boosts is still
0.00%!”
“That means......”

Klein stroked his bristling red hair while groaning.

229

Sword Art Online Volume 8 – Early and Late
Caliber

“That was, how to say it......«Hitch a ride» is the term? Attacking
the elephant-jellyfish along with those attacks from the four arms and
taking credit of the final blow at the end......”
“But I wonder about the hate control in that situation.”

Sinon commented calmly despite her eyebrows drawing tightly
together. Certainly it was as Sinon said, for the evil-god’s action
patterns, it would be no surprise if it turned its attention to the players
if they fired a spell or skill nearby, even if they did not cause any
damage.

Unable to understand the reason, we bit our lips while looking at
the scene, finally the large body of the elephant-jellyfish evil-god
trembled and fell down on its side to the snowy field. At that point, the
iron swords and the large spells rushed on——
“Hyrrrrrrruuuu......”

The elephant-jellyfish screamed in agony before its body turned
into a large amount of polygon pieces and scattered away.

Kwoooo...... Tonkii made a sad sound again. Lyfa, who sat on its
head, was trembling, and on her head, Yui also faced downward with a
sad expression.
Unable to find any words to comfort Lyfa and Yui, my glance
remained fixed on the raid party down below.
Suddenly, my eyes widened in surprise.

The four armed giant that was not under tame, incitement, or
dazed state, raised its foot and roared in victory; the several dozen
players also lightly made a guts pose, then both sides started to move
to claim the new target.

230

Sword Art Online Volume 8 – Early and Late
Caliber

“W..Why don’t they fight each other!?”

A hoarse voice leaked from Asuna who was beside me, she then
seemed to notice something and lifted her face,
“Ah......there, look!”

She pointed at the hill on the far right side. The battle effect also
flickered violently from there. I focused my eyes and could see the
large group of players, this time with the assistance of two humanoid
evil-gods. It looked like they were hunting the alligator type evil-god
with many legs.
“What the heck is going on here......?”

To Klein’s confused question, Lisbeth murmured in a low voice,

“......Maybe it was what Asuna said above just now, the new
slaughter type quest in Jötunheimr......? The assistance from the
humanoid evil-gods to exterminate the animal type evil-gods......it
seemed......”
“............!”

Upon hearing that, all of them inhaled at the same time.

It was probably so. If it was during the quest, it was possible to
have a joint force with specific mobs. But what was the reason for the
quest reward being related to the «Holy Sword Excaliber»? That sword
was sealed inside the humanoid evil-god’s stronghold, which means,
one couldn’t get it without defeating those humanoids......

Thinking up to this point, I looked up due to the reflection from
the big ice pyramid above.

However, that was not where the source of light was. Because at
the furthest end of Tonkii’s back, where no one sat, particles of light

231

Sword Art Online Volume 8 – Early and Late
Caliber

appeared without a sound, and condensed —— to produce a human
shape.

The long garment in the shape of robe. The wavy blond hair
flowing from the back to the feet. The lady with elegance and a
transcendental beautiful face.

But a word surged out of my mouth, and at the same time, Klein’s,
who had quickly turned around, which wasn’t supposed to be said to a
woman.
“Hu............”

“............ge!”

However, that could be forgivable. The height of the lady was,
based on our estimation, more than three meters.

Fortunately, the first words from the mysterious huge lady to us
sounded like she didn’t appear to be hurt by our words, her serene
expression remained as she opened her lips. The flowing voice, unlike
that of a player’s, was tinged with a solemn effect.
“I am «Queen of the Lake» Urðr.” 2
The huge blond onee-san continued talking to us.
“Ye fairies who bonded with our kin.”

Kin? I twisted my neck with doubt in my mind. It seemed those
words were directed toward us, who were hovering on Tonkii, Was this
2

Commonly known as Urd or Urth, one of the three Norns in Norse mythology.

232

Sword Art Online Volume 8 – Early and Late
Caliber

lady the friend of those animal type evil-gods inhabited in Jötunheimr?, I
thought that, but......

At that point I finally realized the huge lady who called herself
«Queen of the Lake» in front of me was 100% not human. The skirt of
her long blond hair was like tapered, divided, and undulated tentacles;
The limbs inside the robe that could be seen were covered by pearly
scales. Similar to Tonkii, the strange form of large creature which
chose to borrow human appearance —— But even so, I was still
impressed.

“To you, my two sisters and I have but one request. Please save
this country from the invasion of the «Frost Giant Tribe».”

What I thought while listening to the story was Firstly, this giant
lady is «What»?

The color cursor didn’t come out even when focusing on the
vision, and it was certainly not the figure from a player’s enchanting
spell. Was it a harmless event NPC? Was it a trap set by the aggressive
quest Mob? Or was it an avatar controlled by a human GM? I couldn’t
make a conclusion.
Then unexpectedly, I felt a modest weight on my left shoulder.
And at the same time, in a cute whisper from Yui.

“Papa, that person is an NPC. But it’s a little strange. It seems not
to talk based on the fixed response routine like NPC usually do. Its core
program is connected to the language engine module.”
“......So, it’s a kind of AI then?”

“Yes, Papa.”

233

Sword Art Online Volume 8 – Early and Late
Caliber

While thinking about what Yui said, I continued to listen to the
lady’s story.
NPC —— the «Queen of the Lake Urðr» turned her pearly
sparkling right hand toward the vast underground world and said,

“This «Jötunheimr» was once like your «Alfheim», with the
blessings from the world tree Yggdrasil, covered in the beautiful water
and greenery. We, the «Rock Giant Tribe» and those beast kin lived
together in harmony.”

At the same time as those words, the surrounding scenery
covered in snow and ice soundlessly shook and dimmed. Appearing as
if it was a layer of illusion, was the scene in Urðr’s story. The world
filled with plants, flower fields, and pure water. It could be said it was
even richer than the Gnome or Salamander territories up above.

Even more surprising, behind Queen Urðr where the bottomless
pit «Great Void» was, in this other world it wasn’t there. Instead, there
was a lake filled with sparkling transparent water. The thickly huddled
roots of the world tree from the canopy in this world reached the lake
without spreading in other directions.

On the summit of the roots over the water surface existed houses
made from logs, no, a town was probably more suitable. The scene was
similar to the central capital Aarun up on the surface.
Urðr lowered her right hand, and the illusory scene disappeared.
The chilled ice world of Jötunheimr returned, she looked indifferent,
but I might have imagined seeing her with sadness filled eyes, as she
continued to speak.

“——In addition, on Jötunheimr’s lower plane, the country of ice
«Niflheimr» existed. The land was ruled by the king of frost giant tribe

234

Sword Art Online Volume 8 – Early and Late
Caliber

«Þrym» 3, he once transformed into a wolf and did infiltrate this
country, then stole the Excaliber, «The sword which cut all of steel and
tree», forged by the god of blacksmith Völundr 4 and threw it into
«Urðr’s Spring» at the center of this world. The sword severed the
thick roots of the world tree, and in that instant, Jötunheimr no longer
received the blessings from Yggdrasil.

This time Urðr lifted her left hand, and the illusory screen
regenerated. We could only wordlessly watch the overwhelming scene.

The roots of the world tree which expanded over the surface of
the huge lake —— «Urðr’s Spring», shook and floated over the surface,
then shrunk toward to canopy. The town which was built atop the
roots collapsed all at once.

At the same time, all the leaves of the tree fell, the grass withered,
and the light faded. The rivers were frozen, the frost condensed, as a
snowstorm raged. The huge amount of water in «Urðr’s Spring» froze
momentarily and became the large mass of ice, which was wrapped
and pulled up by the roots of the world tree as they retracted back into
the sky. The large number of lake inhabiting creatures snapped off the
ice mass and fell down. Among them was the elephant-jellyfish type,
like the old Tonkii.

The roots of the world tree ascended and reached Jötunheimr’s
canopy or Alfheim’s crust before long, and half of the huge ice mass it
carried pierced into the canopy. That ice mass was no doubt, set up and
honored as the «Inverted Ice Pyramid» in the current Jötunheimr. At
the bottom-most of the ice mass, a sharp edged icicle, a glittering
golden light could be seen. It was from the sword thrown by the frost
3
4

The king of Jötunheimr, known as Thrymr or Thrym in plain English.
Or Wayland the Smith, is a legendary master blacksmith in Norse mythology.

235

Sword Art Online Volume 8 – Early and Late
Caliber

giant king Þrym, the sword which severed the connection between the
world tree and Jötunheimr, it was, without a doubt, Excaliber.

When all of the water was lost, the once beautiful lake turned to a
huge bottomless pit.

Urðr lowered her left hand, causing the illusory screen to
disappear. However, this time it didn’t make a large change to the
scenery. The most change was the mass of ice in the sky, which had
undergone restructuring into the linear dungeon. The existence of
Excaliber at the bottom of that pyramid had also been confirmed by
Lyfa and me with our own eyes too.

“King Þrym’s subordinates, the «Frost Giant Tribe» is preparing a
big plan to invade Jötunheimr from Niflheimr, many of us, the «Rock
Giant Tribe», had been captured and imprisoned in the various
fortresses and castles they had built. The king built the castle
«Þrymheimr» in the large mass of ice once called «Urðr’s Spring», and
ruled over this land from that castle. No longer having the power we
once had, my two younger sisters and I had to escape to the bottom of
a certain frozen spring.”

Urðr’s eyelids were half-downcast, she resumed the tale which
was probably nearing the end. We had partly forgotten that she was an
NPC, and the tale was just an in-game quest, wordlessly listening.
“The frost giant tribe wasn’t satisfied with just that, but also
wants to massacre every one of my kin, the beasts living on this land.
That way, my power will completely vanish, and it would allow
Þrymheimr to float up to the plane above, Alfheim.”
“W-What! If it happens, Aarun will be destroyed!”

236

Sword Art Online Volume 8 – Early and Late
Caliber

Klein, who seemed to be deeply immersed into the story, yelled.
The non-fixed response routine and partial AI, Queen Urðr nodded at
Klein’s words and said,

“King Þrym plans to enclose Alfheim in ice and snow, then
continue attacking until reaching the top of the world tree Yggdrasil,
where the «Golden Apple» exists, his objective is to obtain that fruit.”

......something like that exists up there? I thought for a moment,
then suddenly realized, near the summit of the world tree, there was
an impossibly strong eagle, a named mob, guarding an inaccessible
area. It could be possible that the golden apple existed inside.

Urðr gazed at the ground, her eyebrows still bated with sadness.

“Being irritated by being unable to easily destroy my kin, Þrym
and the frost giant generals started to use the power of ye fairies.
Inviting them to hunt my kin, using Excaliber as a reward. However, it
is not possible for Þrym to bestow the sword to others. Once
Þrymheimr loses Excaliber, the blessings from Yggdrasil will return to
this land, and that castle will melt.”

“Eh......then, then, Excaliber as the reward is all lie!? Is it possible
to have a quest like that!?”
The queen generously nodded at Lisbeth’s wild voice and said,

“When the god of blacksmith Völundr forged the sword, he
discarded the one in which he slipped when striking with the hammer,
which looks just like Excaliber, but it is actually the «Fake Sword
Caliburn». Þrym is probably going to give that fake sword as the
reward, while it is strong enough, it doesn’t possess the true power of
the real one.”
“S-Sly......is it alright for the king to do this......?”

237

Sword Art Online Volume 8 – Early and Late
Caliber

Lyfa murmured in confusion. Urðr nodded again and exhaled
deeply.

“That cunning is Þrym’s strongest weapon. But he was too
impatient in destroying my kin, and committed one mistake. In order
to cooperate with the fairy warriors they lured in using the fake
reward, almost all of the giant subordinates are down on the ground.
So, the defense in the castle is now thin.”

Arriving at this point, I finally realized the future of this quest —
— no, this «queen’s request».
The queen of the lake Urðr stretched forth her large arm toward
«Þrymheimr» in the air and said,

“Ye fairies, please invade Þrymheimr and remove Excaliber from
its «Plinth».”

238

Sword Art Online Volume 8 – Early and Late
Caliber

Chapter 3
“......Somehow, that was an amazing tale......”

Was the first thing Asuna murmured after «Queen of the Lake
Urðr» melted into shiny water droplets and disappeared. Tonkii
ascended again —— this time gradually.
Her words were followed by Sinon’s, who seemed to have
recovered her thoughts, talking as she moved her light blue tail,

“This is...a normal quest......right? But isn’t this assignment, the
story too great? ......Once all the beast type evil-gods had been
annihilated, the frost giants will invade the surface next, did she say
this?”
“......Yes, she did.”

I nodded, then twisted my neck while folding my arms.

“But, would the management’s side go that far without any
updates or event notices? For any other MMOs, any «Boss Invasion
Event» would normally come with at least one week of advance notice
though......”
Everyone nodded in agreement.

Then, Yui who sat on my left shoulder flew to hover in the middle
of us and said in a volume everyone could hear,
“Well, This might be just a guess, but......”

239

Sword Art Online Volume 8 – Early and Late
Caliber

With a slight pause as if to think about what to say, she then
continued,

“——This «ALfheim Online» has one major difference from other
standard VRMMOs from «The Seed». That is, the game operation isn’t
based on the feature reduced version of the «Cardinal System», but
uses the same full specs version as the one used in the old «Sword Art
Online».”

That was certainly correct. It wasn’t a story I wanted to
remember, but ALO was created by a man whom was possessed by
greed, in order to use some of the old SAO players in his illegal
research, he copied the whole original SAO server. So the autonomous
system operating the world «Cardinal» in ALO has the same capability
as the one used in SAO, of course.
Yui looked around at our attentive listening faces, then added,

“The original Cardinal System has a few functions which had been
cut out in the shrunk version. One of them is the «Automatic Quest
Generation Function». It will collect legends and folklore of the world
through the network, and continue to generate infinite amount of
quests using proper names and story patterns.”
“W-What?”

Klein’s stubbly jaw dropped abruptly as he groaned.

“That means, that disastrous quest from pacific we did in Aincrad
was created by system-sama?”

“......I can recall too many of them. At the time we reached the 75th
floor, just those listed in the quest database of the information shop
exceeded ten thousand......”
240

Sword Art Online Volume 8 – Early and Late
Caliber

At one time, in order to earn the management fund, the guild had
to seriously take on many of those quests, the KoB sub-leader said as
she shook her head. Silica who was next to her stared to the distance
and muttered,
“Also, I could hear this sometimes-myo. It was probably on the
30th floor, the slaughter quest to kill the ogres wearing strange masks
and using chainsaws, but no matter how many times they were killed,
the next week the quest would pop up on the bulletin board again.
What legend did it come from though......”

For quests like those, I too have a lot in my memories, but at this
rate, until we reach the ice pyramid, it’d be a meeting to complain
about old Aincrad. So, in order the steer the topic back, I cleared my
throat and said,

“That said, Yui, is this quest also created by the Cardinal System?”

“Judging from the behavior of the NPC earlier, the probability is
high. It might be possible that the automatic quest generator that
stopped until now had been restarted from the management’s side.”

Yui continued with a difficult face after she nodded to my
question.

“If the story keeps progressing like this, the situation will end up
in the worst state. That ice dungeon floats up to Alfheim above, Aarun
collapses, the evil-god class monsters popping up on the surface...... No,
even worse......”
Her lips closed for a moment —— the AI girl then continued with
a frightened expression,

“......According to the data in my archive, as ALO has included
parts of the Norse mythology in the quest, it’d certainly lead to the so-

241

Sword Art Online Volume 8 – Early and Late
Caliber

called «The Last War». Not only do the frost giant tribe from
Jötunheimr and Niflheimr invade, but those from the lower plane
«Muspellsheimr», the flame giant tribe would also appear, and burn
down the world tree...... That is......”
“............«Ragnarök».”

Suguha —— Lyfa, who loves legends and mythology, also has
those kind of books in her room, said quietly. Immediately her emerald
pupils widened and she shouted “But!”.
“Something like that...... The game system shouldn’t be able to
completely destroy its own managed maps though......!”
What she said made sense. But Yui gently shook her head.

“......The original Cardinal System has the authority to completely
destroy the map. Because, the old Cardinal’s final duty was to destroy
the floating castle Aincrad after all.”
“..................”

This time we sank into complete silence, unable to say anything.

The next person who opened their mouth was Sinon, whom up till
now was mostly listening.

“——If that «Ragnarök» really happened and it wasn’t the
management side’s intention, isn’t it possible to do a roll back?”
“O......Oh, that’s it, that’s right.”

Klein nodded repeatedly. Simply speaking, «Roll back» was used
to overwrite the current situation with backup data. It was mainly
done when players gained unexpected benefits due to bugs or
programming oversights. In this case, if Alfheim had been turned into
scorched earth, although it wouldn’t affect individual player’s exp or

242

Sword Art Online Volume 8 – Early and Late
Caliber

items, nobody would want the whole place to be like Salamander
territory’s «Burnt Land».

However, for some reason, this time Yui didn’t nod in agreement.

“It would be possible if the management’s side did backup all the
data manually and kept the physical media in a separated location......
however, if they used Cardinal’s automatic backup function, depending
on the configuration, it could be possible that the roll back would only
affect player data and not include the fields.”
“..................”

Again, all members went silent for two seconds. Klein suddenly
shouted “Oh yeah!” then opened the system window. But just after that,
he held his head and said “No good!”.
“......What did you do?”

Lisbeth asked while turning to the katana user’s miserable face.

“Well, calling a GM, just wanting to confirm if they know about
this situation . But it’s off hours for human support now......”
“End of the year, Sunday, in the morning too......”

I sighed, shook my head, then looked into the sky.

The huge ice pyramid was quite close now. It’s three hundred
meters wide on each side, if it pierced up through Aarun it would
certainly cause a great clamor. While half of its population had
migrated to «Yggdrasil City» at the top of the tree, with the raiding
base for the advanced dungeon on Aarun plateau, the central trading
market for all races, and the familiar crowded weekend nights, it was a
town full of my profound memories.
243

Sword Art Online Volume 8 – Early and Late
Caliber

“......When it comes down to this, there’s nothing but to do it, Oniichan.”
Lyfa held a big medallion hung on her right hand up high.

It was given by «Queen of the Lake Urðr», a cleanly cut large jewel
was inlaid in it. But now, more than sixty percent of the cut surface had
sunk into pitch black darkness, not reflecting any light.

When the jewel was dyed in total darkness, it meant all of the
beast type evil-gods had been completely annihilated without a single
one left, and Urðr would be stripped of all her power. At that time,
«Frost Giant King Þrym»‘s Alfheim invasion would begin.

“......That’s right. Initially we gathered today to raid that castle and
get «Excaliber» anyway. It’s in our favor when the defense is currently
weakened too.”

I nodded, then opened the system window and operated the
equipment figure.

Long swords appeared hanging crossed on my back, one was
humbly made by Lisbeth’s equipment shop, and the other was dropped
from the 15th floor boss we defeated the other day in the new Aincrad.
Looking at my nostalgic back carrying two swords, Klein smiled
from ear to ear and yelled,

“Alright! This is this year’s final big quest! I’ve decided, let’s get on
the tomorrow’s front page of MMO Tomorrow!”

The target was somewhat realistic, so this time Lisbeth didn’t
make a wry smile. “Oo―!” Everyone said in chorus, Tonkii under our
feet moved its wings violently and cried “Krrr―n!”.

244

Sword Art Online Volume 8 – Early and Late
Caliber

The aviation type evil-god increased its ascending speed and
crossed the pyramid at once, its big body hovered along the entrance at
the top of the pyramid. Lyfa, who was the last person, jumped to the ice
terrace, stroked Tonkii’s big ear and said,
“Just wait, Tonkii. We’ll surely take your country back!”

She then turned about and pulled the long sword hanging loosely
on her waist. At the same time, we took our weapons out too, in front
of the big twin ice gates which stood tall in front of us.

Just as Urðr had said, there was no first guardian here like always,
and the doors began to open. Exchanging glances with each other, we
quickly set up a formation, with the front row being Lyfa, Klein, and I;
Liz and Silica were in the middle, while on the back row were Asuna
and Sinon, we kicked the ice floor to begin running, and broke into the
huge castle «Þrymheimr».

In ALO, the upper limit of a party size was, strangely, seven
people. The reason why it didn’t use six or eight like most other titles,
until now, has never been officially told. That way, the maximum size
of a raid party was 7x7 or forty nine people. The currency obtained
from the monsters would automatically be distributed by the system
function, as manual distribution would be very troublesome to
calculate.

Well, from the seven people slot, if filled with only close friends,
five would be pretty much fixed. With Asuna, Liz, Silica, Lyfa, and I. All
were high school students, furthermore, four went to the same school,
and two even lived together, so the timing was easy to set.

The sixth and seventh slots could still be smoothly filled up, by
the company employee Klein, coffee shop and bar master Agil, the
senior bureaucrat Chrysheight, or Lyfa’s real life friend Recon. Recon

245

Sword Art Online Volume 8 – Early and Late
Caliber

was also a high school student, he was part of the olden day’s
«Yggdrasil Capturing Operation» and had been recruited by the Sylph
lord Sakuya to help with scouting duty. Currently he was a permanent
member of the Lord manor staff in Sylvain town, I had played together
with him for a brief period of time when Aincrad was over the sky of
the Sylph territory.

This time, I was glad the slot was filled with the bow user I met in
GGO —— Sinon, however, there was still one unresolved problem for
the party.

It was the lack of a mage. The only permanent member who had
increased their magic skill was Undine Asuna, and as half was spent on
her thin sword skills, her master leveled skills were only for support
and recovery purposes. Lyfa was also a spell fencer but her spells were
only for enfeebling during combat. Then Silica had a little magic but
her main focus was on support duty; Liz, of course, had spent more
than half of her skills on smithing; Agil also had more than thirty
percent on trading skills; then Klein and I had all our skill points
focused on physical close combat, the so-called «Brain muscle» type.
There was no one capable of casting attack spells.
Occasionally, when Recon, the Sylph dagger wielder with a
mysterious build of very high dark magic; or Chrysheight whose
freezing attack magic was at the lord class; joined as the seventh slot,
the flexibility in combat was much wider. So lacking the fire power of a
mage was really our weak point.

But that couldn’t be helped. Because most of us had migrated
from SAO —— a world where magic didn’t exist. My one-handed
straight sword, Asuna’s thin sword, Liz’ war hammer, Silica’s dagger,
Klein’s katana, Agil’s axe, then Lyfa’s long sword and Sinon’s bow, were
all not just mere weapons, but could be exaggerated into considering

246

Sword Art Online Volume 8 – Early and Late
Caliber

them as proof of our existence. At this point, discarding our weapons to
raise our magic skill was already impossible. Even knowing it wasn’t
efficient, but all we could do was to trust our battle style that focused
on physical attack, we managed to come this far with it anyway.
Still, we encountered dangerous situations occasionally.

“This is bad, Onii-chan, that gold one has high physical resistance.”

Lyfa at my left side whispered quickly.

Before I could say anything after nodding to Lyfa, «That gold one»
brandished its extraordinary huge battle axe up high.
“Shock wave attack in two seconds! one, zero!”

Yui who sat on my head exuded a loud voice despite her small
body. Following the countdown, the five people from the front and
middle rows split up to the left and right, creating a gap. The blade of
the axe swung roaring down, and created a shock wave, cut in a
straight line, which passed through the gap and hit the wall on the
other side violently.
It had already been twenty minutes since we broke into the ice
castle «Þrymheimr».

It was just as «Queen of the Lake Urðr» said, the number of the
enemies inside the dungeon was quite thin. The encounter rate of the
small fry mob was almost zero. Half of the floor’s sub-bosses were also
absent. However, the boss defending the hall in front of the stairs to the
lower floor was there as expected, it was time to show our
overwhelming attack power to the boss once which once forced Asuna,
Lyfa, and I to say “No way―!”.
247

Sword Art Online Volume 8 – Early and Late
Caliber

Nevertheless, we somehow defeated the one-eyed boss on the
first floor without twisting our hands, ran through the second floor,
and managed to reach the boss room again, however——

What awaited for us there was the giant humanoid with the head
of a bull, a large evil-god of the so-called «Minotaur» type. Moreover,
there were two of them, the one on the right had its whole body in
pitch black, the body of the other one on the left glittered with gold, the
weapons they both used were battle axes with blades as large as dining
tables.

As the first floor’s Cyclops boss was defeated easily by the icicle in
the center of the room, even without magic attacks, I first thought that
we were fine, but there was one problem. Apparently, the black one
resisted magic, while the gold one would be physical resistant, and
thinking that it was fine resulted in an unexpectedly high price to pay.

Then we should defeat the black quickly and after that, attack the
gold with carefully set up battle tactics; however, the two bull heads,
unexpectedly, seemed to be connected by strong bonds, when the
black’s HP decreased, the gold would ignore the hate and come to
protect it. During that time, the black behind it would curl up its body,
it seemed to be some form of meditation power that could recover its
HP.

After they did that once, we concentrated our attacks on the gold
while the black was meditating, but as it had high physical resistance,
its HP barely decreased. And of course we had problem with our HP,
even though we could avoid the instant death attacks, the ranged
attack’s splash damage was impossible to avoid; with the healing only
by Asuna, it was obvious she wouldn’t be able to support us for long.

248

Sword Art Online Volume 8 – Early and Late
Caliber

“Kirito-kun, at this pace, my MP will only last for about one
hundred and fifty seconds!”

I heard Asuna shout from behind me, so I held up my right hand
sword in reply.

In such an endurance battle, if the healer’s MP ran out, what
awaited the party was total annihilation —— in other words a «Wipe».
If someone managed to survive, it was possible to collect and resurrect
the Remain Lights one by one, but it would require a lot of time and
effort. However, in case of a wipe, of course we would have to restart
from the save point in Aarun. But the problem was how much time we
had left——
As if she could read my concerns, Lyfa who was next to me
whispered again.

“The medallion is more than seventy percent in darkness now, we
won’t have enough time if we «Death warp».”
“Understood.”

Nodding, I deeply inhaled and enclosed it in my stomach.

If this was the old Aincrad, I’d issue a withdrawal without a
second thought. In that world «Betting on the possibility» was not
allowed. But now in ALO, it was no longer a Death Game. Even if the
Cardinal System turned the entire Alfheim into a scorched field, it
would affect only one thing, which was the «game enjoyment». So in
this case, I had to believe in my companions strength.

“Everyone, when it comes down to this, there’s only one thing we
can do!”
249

Sword Art Online Volume 8 – Early and Late
Caliber

Avoiding the gold Minotaur’s axe swing and affirming the gauge
of the black Minotaur recharging its HP in the back, I shouted,

“This is all-or-nothing, concentrate our attack using Sword Skills
on the gold!”
«Sword Skill».

Just that, was the game system that distinguished the former SAO
from the others.

In March of this year with the «Aincrad implementation update»,
the management team had introduced Sword Skills into ALO. However,
there were some modifications, one of them was the «Additional
damage property». The current high ranked Sword Skills no longer
have only pure physical property, but are equipped with magical
properties of earth, water, fire, wind, darkness, or holy. Therefore, it
would be able to pass through the gold Minotaur’s high physical
resistance.

Of course, there were risks involved. Most of the consecutive
Sword Skills had a long stun duration after finishing the move. If we
took a direct hit from those battle axes in that time period, the HP
gauge would be completely reduced to zero. There was a case where
the front and middle rows could be instantly eliminated from the
horizontal ranged attack as well.
However, everyone understood those risks and nodded
immediately.
“Oh yeah! That’s what I’m waiting for!”

Klein, at the right wing, held his beloved katana high above his
head. Jumping to my left was Lyfa who also set up her long sword at
250

Sword Art Online Volume 8 – Early and Late
Caliber

her waist. At my back, Liz and Silica tightened their grip on their
weapons in preparation.

“Silica, use «Foam» on the count of three! ——Two, one, now!”

I instructed based on the gold’s action, Silica then shouted,
“Pina, «Bubble Breath»!”

Normally, issuing a command to the pet didn’t ensure one
hundred percent success rate regardless of the taming mastery. But I
have never seen Pina ignoring Silica’s command before. This time too,
the small dragon dancing in the air above Silica opened its mouth and
released rainbow colored bubbles.

The bubbles slipped through the air and burst in front of the gold
bull’s nose which was preparing its big attack using its battle axe. The
bull with weak magic resistance went under a confusion effect for just
a second, and stopped its movement.
“Go!”

As a response to my shout —— all the party member’s weapons
aside from Asuna’s went into dazzling multi-colored light effects.
Why did the floating castle Aincrad’s creator Kayaba Akihito
create the system of «Unique Skills» with such deviated power?
Until now I still couldn’t grasp the real reason behind it.

The skill «Holy Sword» that person possessed could be clear
example. Being the leader of the strongest guild Knights of the Blood,
the paladin who stood in front of many players with his absolutely
unbreakable crossed shield, and those legends would be turned up251

Sword Art Online Volume 8 – Early and Late
Caliber

side down at the 95th floor, when that man would turn himself into the
worst demon king of all RPG last bosses in existence.

In that moment, the «MMORPG with the main story driven by
player’s action» would be realized. An Incarnating Radius ——
realized world. In order to achieve his purpose of the world creation, it
was necessary for him to continue being the absolutely strongest
paladin. Even with «Holy Sword» and «Immortality properties», he also
had to depend on the irregular power that was the «Over Assist».
But if just the unique skill such as the holy sword were sufficient,
it would not be necessary to have an MMO where ‘The Hero was the
only one who could confront the demon king’. Of course, it would lead
to a difference in the player’s battle power, which wouldn’t be
appropriate based on the rules of fairness.
Yet, he still gave «Dual Blades» and probably a few other unique
skills to the players.

Those abilities outside of rules resulted in the unequal
distribution of the resources, that guy even understood that it could
distort how the world would progress along his plan. In fact, during my
duel with Heathcliff for Asuna’s withdrawal from the guild, if I didn’t
have the «Dual Blades» skill, he could have won without having to use
the Over Assist. Recalling that moment of irregularity caused me to
realize Heathcliff’s true identity on the 75th floor. By giving me the
unique skill, his imagined world —— his story had to end at just threequarters of the way.
In ALO’s world, in the rare moments that I held two swords, I
always had a thought in a corner of my mind, Why?
At the same time, there was also a bit of guilt. Of course, I
defeated Heathcliff on the 75th floor —— It was a victory I didn’t

252

Sword Art Online Volume 8 – Early and Late
Caliber

regret. If the game hadn’t cleared at that point, the victims of the
incident would certainly have increased even further. Among those
might be people dear to me. Or perhaps, even myself.

However, I couldn’t stop thinking about it. ‘Was it alright like
that?’ and ‘Mustn’t we climb to the 100th floor and fight with the
demon king Heathcliff there?’ No, not ‘must’. It was what I wanted to
do, it was just my egotism, the worst egotism. That was why I hesitated
equipping two swords in Alfheim.
——However, there was no «Unique Skill» in this world. The new
management team had verified the enormous number of sword skills
and removed some suspicious conditional skills from the system ——
rumors said about ten skills were removed.

So I couldn’t use the dual wielding sword skills such as «Double
Circular» and «Starburst Stream» anymore. While I could reproduce its
movement without System Assist to ninety-nine percent, and I had
proven it against both human and monsters, however, it couldn’t be
used here. Because my self-made dual wielding skill version, although
it could reproduce the technique’s power, it didn’t contain any magical
attribute, so it was ineffective against the high physical resistance gold
Minotaur.

However, «Using one handed sword skills while equipped with
two swords» had one advantage —— as Lyfa said «A lead tipped shinai
was like terribly cheating a hundred fold».
Being hit by the special move «Bubble Breath» from the little
dragon Pina, the gold Minotaur was stunned for about a second, in
front of it was me, Klein was on the right, Lyfa on the left, and from
253

Sword Art Online Volume 8 – Early and Late
Caliber

both sides Liz and Silica were also there, we all charged in at the same
time.
“U......ooo!”

Everyone roared, then drew the highest leveled sword skills we
learned. Klein’s katana was wrapped with a rampaging flame, Lyfa’s
long sword created a flashing gale, Silica’s dagger had water spray
moving around it, Liz’ mace emitted a groaning lightning flash. In
addition to that, from behind, the arrows glowing with its ice
arrowhead flew in rapid succession, accurately piercing at the tip of
the nose which seemed to be the bull’s vital point.
At the same time, my right handed sword glowed in an orange
light, and I assaulted it with all my power.

Five high-speed continuous thrusts then cut downward, upward,
before another full force upward cut. The one-handed sword eight
combo sword skill «Howling Octave». Its attributes were forty percent
physical and sixty percent fire. Within the one-handed sword category,
it was in a high tier. So of course, the stun after the move —— the skill
delay was also long, however,
“............!!”

With a voiceless yell, my consciousness had detached from my
right hand after releasing the attacks. The movement command output
from my brain to the AmuSphere was to cut off everything for a
moment. My next command was to start transmitting commands to the
left hand.

The right hand was on the auto-pilot thanks to the System Assist,
it went on with the final upward cut. And, parallel to it, my left hand

254

Sword Art Online Volume 8 – Early and Late
Caliber

moved, drawing the sword backward. The blade released bright blue
lighting.

The right sword made a deep cut at the exposed abdomen of the
bull headed humanoid. Originally, this would impose a delay, causing
my avatar to become rigid. However, the parallel activation of the
sword skill of the left sword had overwritten the delay. The slash drew
a horizontal arc and cleaved at the bull’s right abdomen.
It was not normal for my body, no, my left and right half of the
brain to think of separate things at the same time. But here, my
consciousness stopped its integration to the sword skill, leaving the
right hand’s skill to the System Assist, while concentrating on the left
hand.

The sword causing the horizontal cut and buried in the enemy
avatar rotated ninety-degrees. I then pushed down on the grip in my
hand, the blade jumped up and dissected the enemy vertically from the
belly. Once the blade exited, this time I slashed down from above. It
was the three hit heavy attack, effective against large type monsters,
«Savage Fulcrum». Fifty percent physical and fifty percent ice.
On the verge of finishing the attack from the left hand——
I switched the output from my brain once again.

This timing, if it were too late or too early, could cause the skill to
misfire, and cause the avatar to become rigid. The window of error
allowed was less than one-tenth of a second. I noticed this skill
combination by chance around three months ago, and I wouldn’t want
to recall how much I have been practicing since then, but the success
rate was still below fifty percent. With feeling and half praying, the
sword in my right hand started to move.
255

Sword Art Online Volume 8 – Early and Late
Caliber

“Ku......oo!”

Mounted on a short fervor, the blade glowed in light blue. From
the vertical cut without a backward motion, then up and down
combination, followed by a full powered upper cut. A high speed four
hit combo «Vertical Square»——

Up until this point, the total number of hits was already fifteen.
Approaching the number of a high rank Dual Blades’ skill. While it
continued to be hit, the enemy would be under a delay so there was no
need to think about the defense.
When Vertical Square started, the skill delay of my companions
were already over.
“Zeeryaaaaa!”

It was obviously a war cry from Klein, as the second wave of
concentrated attacks engulfed the gold Minotaur. The dungeon floor
trembled, a large amount of the enemy’s HP gauge was suddenly
shaved off.

Just before the final upper slash, I challenged the fourth «Skill
Connect» without any hesitation.

This didn’t mean that any one-handed sword skill was suitable to
lead in. The movement by the System Assist, and the movement of the
non-attack arm, all needed to be in continuous motion to the next skill.

At the time the Vertical Square from my right hand unleashed, my
left arm was folded toward the shoulder. From there, with just a slight
twist of my body, the «pull the shoulder carrying the sword, the other
hand moves forward» form was completed. The sword in my left hand
was wrapped in a crimson light effect. The blade roared like a fighter
jet and approached from behind, my arm shot out at an ultra high-

256

Sword Art Online Volume 8 – Early and Late
Caliber

257

Sword Art Online Volume 8 – Early and Late
Caliber

speed. A heavy single strike attack «Vorpal Strike». Thirty percent
physical, thirty percent fire and forty percent darkness.

Zgaaan!, a loud burst of sound emitted out, the sword penetrated
the enemy’s abdomen. The huge body five times my size was knocked
back violently. At that time, the second attacks from Klein and the
others were already completed. This time, everyone’s avatar, including
mine, was struck by the long skill delay.
The HP gauge of the gold Minotaur stained in deep red and
decreased toward the left edge——

Then stopped and was left with only two percent remaining.

A cruel smile emerged from the bull head. The enemy had
recovered from the delay, it drew its huge axe back horizontally. That
must be a ranged attack using a high speed revolution which would
result in an instant death if hit. A “jump back!” command resounded in
my awareness, but my body wouldn’t follow. The axe heartlessly shone,
the whirling wind occurred at the boss’ feet.
“No......oooooo!”

While my spirit screamed sharply, a blue gale ran past from my
right side. The rapier held in its right hand released five consecutive
thrusts at a speed so high our eyes couldn’t see it. It was the high
ranking extreme speed thin sword skill «Neutron». With the damage
properties of twenty percent physical and eighty percent holy, the
remaining HP of the gold Minotaur, who was readying itself to swing
its axe, was silently robbed.

The movement of the evil-god halted. From behind, the black
Minotaur which had completed its HP meditation brandished its axe in
triumph. However, the partner who had been protecting it up until

258

Sword Art Online Volume 8 – Early and Late
Caliber

now was screaming in a high pitched sound —— its huge body blasted
in all directions with a stiff sound effect.
............Eh.

The eyes of the black Minotaur widened in surprise, and looked at
the seven people who had recovered from their skill delay.
“......Alright, in front, that’s the seat of honor.”

Klein said quickly while baring his teeth.

259

Sword Art Online Volume 8 – Early and Late
Caliber

Chapter 4
The katana user finished off the black Minotaur evil-god by
stabbing it with his special skill, as if releasing the grudges he had kept
up to this moment. Not paying any attention to the drop items on the
spot the enemy avatar had burst apart, he turned around and yelled,
“Oi Kiritard! What did ya do just now!?”

That question obviously referred to my usage of one-handed
sword skills while equipped with two swords, and explaining in detail
would be very troublesome, so I obeyed my inner thoughts and said
while giving my most troubled face,
“......Do I have to say it?”

“’Course! After seeing something like that!”

It seemed I had pressed Klein’s curiosity button, and since it was
unavoidable, I answered briefly,
“It was a skill outside the system, «Skill Connect».”

Oo―, was the sound which flowed out of Liz, Silica, and Sinon
mouth; suddenly Asuna pressed her fingertips to her right temple and
growled,
“Um......somehow, I got a strong feeling of Déjà vu......”
“It’s just your imagination.”

I shrugged my shoulders and clapped my hand on our healersama’s back, whom despite her support duty in the back row, had

260

Sword Art Online Volume 8 – Early and Late
Caliber

sneaked in during the battle with the gold Minotaur to deliver the
killing blow.

“This is not the time for relaxed talk. Lyfa, how much time do we
have left?”
“Ah, right.”

After sheathing her long sword in its scabbard behind her waist,
Lyfa held up the medallion hanging from her neck. From a few steps
away, I could see that the light within the jewel was almost completely
lost.
“......At the current pace, we still have an hour or two.”

“I see. ——Yui, this dungeon structure has four floors right?”

I continued asking, so the little fairy sitting on my head the whole
time responded clearly,

“Yes, the third floor is around seventy percent of the second floor
size, the forth floor should be mostly the boss room.”
“Thank you.”

Stretching my right hand, my fingertips stroked my hair while I
quickly considered the situation.

At this moment, in the Jötunheimr field far below us, the players
accepting the «Frost Giant Tribe» side’s quest and the hunting of the
beast type evil-gods had gained momentum. The number of quest
participants would only increase and not decrease. The remaining time
was estimated to be around an hour. The battle with the last boss ——
probably «King Þrym» himself —— should take about thirty minutes,
we wouldn’t be able to move to the third and forth floor within thirty
minutes.

261

Sword Art Online Volume 8 – Early and Late
Caliber

If there were a little more time, we could explain the situation to
the players on the field, asking for their assistance in revoking the
ongoing quest, but at this moment we didn’t have enough time to go
back to the ground. The other alternative was to message the fairy lord
requesting reinforcements, but organizing a force in the capital city
beyond the mountain range, moving it to the Aarun plateau, and
reaching Jötunheimr from the dungeon stairs, by the time they did
them the sun would have set.
In other words, with just seven people, we were in a hopeless
situation. —— Or rather, factoring in the failure of «Queen Urðr»‘side
quest from the Cardinal’s automatic quest generator function,
Þrymheimr castle would surface on Alfheim, and trigger the start of a
large-scale campaign quest «Ragnarök». The fault was obviously the
character who inherited its function from its creator.
Anyway——

“......In that case, I don’t care if it’s the king of the evil-gods or not,
we will just «Smash» him for good!”
Lisbeth said that with a slap on my back, the rest of them
altogether went “Oo!” in agreement. Where did they get that
recklessness from? While thinking that, I strongly nodded.

“——Alright, everyone’s HP and MP have fully recovered right?
Then let’s clean up the third floor quickly!”

The combined voice echoed once more, seven people then kicked
the floor, and started running, aiming for the boss’ room on the lowest
floor, which was visible through the ice.

262

Sword Art Online Volume 8 – Early and Late
Caliber

Just as Yui said, the third floor was clearly narrower than the
second floor. It was natural for the lower parts of an upside down
pyramid, but this place was quite a narrow and also had a complicated
passage. For a normal clearing, we would be confused by the gimmick
of the paths, but we had, enshrined on my head, the Navigation Pixiesama which could give the latest model of an intelligent car navigation
system a run for its money.

Our trump card accessed the map data, and with her instructions,
we could run through the winding passage at full speed. Even the
gimmick puzzles using levers, gears, or stepping switches were cleared
without any time used to solve them. If this affair were to be observed
from the outside, there would be no mistake for them to think that we
were doing a time attack for the fastest clearing.

We ran into the sub-boss twice, but we still reached the boss
room of the third floor in only eighteen minutes. What awaited us
there had twice the size of the Cyclops and Minotaur from the previous
floors, both sides of its long lower body had ten pairs of centipede-like
feet, it was clearly the creepy evil giant, but it didn’t have much
physical resistance. Of course its attack power was through the roof, so
the HP gauge belonging to Klein and me were in the red so many times
after being targeted by it. This battle, which made my stomach sore
later, when I thought that either of us dying would lead to a wipe, went
on for nine minutes.

During that time; Liz, Silica, Sinon, and Pina tried their best to cut
down the giant’s feet one by one, I then finished it off with the «Skill
Connect» which included multiple sword skills once it was unable to
move. With our high spirits, we rushed into the fourth floor to beat
King Þrym and his Niflheimr. Once we stepped into the passage leading
263

Sword Art Online Volume 8 – Early and Late
Caliber

to the boss room, we stopped, as in front of our eyes —— a scene came
into view.
It was a cage made of elongated icicles on the wall’s edge.

Behind the fence caused by the stalactite growing sharply from
both the ground and the ceiling, was a single figure. It was not of a
giant’s size. As it had collapsed on the ground, its accurate size was
difficult to tell, but its body should be about the same height as the
Undine Asuna’s.

The skin was as white as the powdery snow lying thick around.
The long flowing hair was a deep brown gold. The volume of the chest
covered by the clothing that could be seen from her sorry state, it
would be best not to say this out loud, as it could easily overwhelm all
of our girl members. Both her hands and feet were shackled in the
rugged ice.

The unexpected scene caused us to halt and feel worried, then the
captive girl’s shoulders made a sudden but subtle shake, as she lifted
her face, with the blue chains ringing.

Her pupils were also of the same tea gold, like her hair. Her face, if
it was a player avatar, would surely be because of overwhelming luck
when it was created, or the account was bought with the large sum of
money. However, her face was sublimed with the western European
beauty, which was quite rare in this game.

Blinking once, her long eyelashes moved down then up, the girl
said in a fine voice,
“Please...... Help me......out of here......”

264

Sword Art Online Volume 8 – Early and Late
Caliber

The katana user was sucked aimlessly toward the ice cage, I
grabbed and pulled the bandana tail which dangled from behind his
head.
“It’s a trap.”

“Trap.”

“That’s a trap.”

The last two were Sinon’s and Liz’s words.

Klein straightened his back and turned around, as he made a
subtle expression while scratching his head.
“O-Oh......it’s a trap. ......A trap, right?”

For the katana user on his death bed’s sake, I asked in a small
voice, “Yui?”. The pixie on my head promptly replied,

“It’s an NPC. Just like Urðr-san, there is connection to the
language engine module. ——But, there is one difference. This person
has the HP gauge enabled.”

Normally, the HP gauge of the quest giving NPCs would be
disabled to prevent them from taking damage. The exceptions were,
when the NPC was the escort quest’s objective, or the NPC was
actually——
“A trap.”

“It’s a trap.”

“I think it’s a trap.”

Asuna, Silica, and Lyfa said at the same time.
265

Sword Art Online Volume 8 – Early and Late
Caliber

His eyebrows made a 八 shape, his eyes widened, and his mouth
was pursed; I patted Klein’s shoulder who was stiff in those complex
expressions and quickly said,

“Of course it could be possible that it isn’t a trap, but now we
don’t have time for trial and error. We need to reach Þrym’s place as
early as possible, even if it is a second sooner.”
“O......Oo, hmm, well, that’s right, yeah.”

Klein nodded slightly and moved his glance from the ice cage.

When we ran until just a few steps before reaching the stairs, the
voice came again from behind,
“......Please...... anybody............”

——To be honest, I also had the urge to help her, as I didn’t think
that NPCs were merely the system’s automatically generated moving
objects, but dwellers living in this world. If this was in a normal quest
progression, helping that girl, accompanying her, and as the story
progressed until the end, hearing her laugh from behind, “Uhahahaha,
you fool―”, would still be amusing. However, we were not in the
situation to take that unnecessary risk now. Just for this fact Klein
would certainly——

The sound of footsteps on the ice which was aligned nicely up to
this moment had one which was no longer synchronized.
The tall and thin body of the katana user turned around, his
hands clenched and head facing downwards. He said in a low voice
from his stubbly bearded mouth,

“......It’s a trap. I understand it’s a trap. ————But, even it’s a
trap. Even knowing it’s a trap......”

266

Sword Art Online Volume 8 – Early and Late
Caliber

Then he suddenly lifted his face up, it might have been my
imagination but I saw something thin and blur on his eyes.

“Still......no matter what, how could I leave this person behind!
Even......even if it leads to the failure of the quest...... leads to Aarun’s
destruction ......even with all those, I’d still help her here, this is, this is
my way of life —— for a bushidō like me!”

He then ran noisily back to the ice cage, as we watched Klein’s
back, there were two thoughts ran inside our minds —— namely ——
............He’s an idiot.
and,

Klein-san’s so cool!

However, which thought had a higher count was a question which
will never have an answer.
Klein shouted “I’ll help you right now!” at the captive woman who
supported her upper body with her hands, while grabbing his beloved
katana with his left hand. At the next moment, he unleashed the iai
sword skill «Tsujikaze» 5, which destroyed one side of the icicle cage.
The girl rescued from the ice cage suddenly turned into a giant
monster and attacked us —— fortunately, there was no ungrateful
wretch like that.

With four additional flashes from Klein’s katana, the chain
restraining her hands and feet were cut off, and the beautiful girl lifted
her face weakly and whispered,
5

Whirlwind.

267

Sword Art Online Volume 8 – Early and Late
Caliber

“......Thank you, Fairy Swordsman-sama.”

“Can you stand? Any injuries?”

Squatting down and holding his right hand out, Klein was
completely «immersed» in it. Well, during a quest in a VRMMO, being
immersed in the story was the right practice. I was the same too, giving
it my all in order to fulfill Queen Urðr’s request to stop Giant King
Þrym’s ambition, Klein just took one wrong step here. It was wrong,
but, how to say it——
“Yes......, I’m fine.”

Nodding, the gold haired beauty stood up, but immediate
stumbled lightly. Klein held his hand out like a gentleman to offer her
support, then asked again,
“The exit is a bit far, could you go back alone, Nee-san?”

“............”

To that question, the beautiful girl’s eyes looked downwards.

The «Automatic response/verbalize module engine» of the
Cardinal System, to put it simply, was a system to answer ‘B’ if the
player said ‘A’, but with extremely complex pattern lists. With the
provisioning from advance prediction and learning functions, the NPC
connected to the module could make a natural conversation with the
player —— of course it was still artificial —— if observed carefully.

That module may have caused some breakthrough, but the
automatic response NPC was still far from achieving the human-like
«emotion» and unlimited «intelligence» of the little fairy Yui sitting on
my head. While it was still a big difference from the fixed response NPC
which replied with the same dialog no matter what was said, there

268

Sword Art Online Volume 8 – Early and Late
Caliber

269

Sword Art Online Volume 8 – Early and Late
Caliber

were still many cases when the auto-response NPC was unable to
understand player’s speech, forcing them to find the «correct
question».

I thought this might be the case from the silence of the golden
haired beauty, however, unexpectedly, she raised her face and said
before Klein could ask a new question.

“......I cannot just flee from the castle like this. In order to reclaim
the tribe’s treasure the Giant King Þrym had stole, I crept into this
castle, but I was found and caught by the third gate guardian. I couldn’t
leave without the treasure. If you would be so kind, would you please
allow me to accompany you to Þrym’s room?”
“O......u......m......”

This time, Klein who held the «Man who lives bushidō life»
banner was unable to find an immediate response and groaned
awkwardly. Watching from several meters away, Asuna, who was next
to me whispered quietly,
“Somehow, this is quite suspicious......”
“I think so too......”

I nodded in return, then Klein turned around from the girl,
showed his sorry face to me and said,
“Oi, Kiri......”

“......Ah-well——, alright, alright. There’s no choice but to go along
until the end. It isn’t 100% sure this is a trap anyway.”
With my answer like that, Klein grinned and declared in high
spirits to the beautiful girl.

270

Sword Art Online Volume 8 – Early and Late
Caliber

“Alright, let’s go nee-san! We’re sharing the same destiny, let’s
kick Þrym’s butt together!”
“Thank you very much, swordsman-sama!”

At the same time the golden haired beauty clung to Klein’s left
arm, as the party leader, a dialog window appeared in my vision asking
for the permission to let the NPC join.
“Let’s hope Yui won’t say anything odd―”

While mumbling, I pressed the ‘Yes’ button on the window. On the
upper left of my vision, below the mini HP/MP gauge of the party
members, an eighth gauge appeared.
The beautiful girl’s name was [Freyja]. It was a name I wasn’t sure
I had heard before. Her HP and MP were really high, especially her MP,
which had a quite surprising number. She was probably a mage type.
Like this, if she stayed as our companion until the end, she could
really be great help, and while I thought so, I glanced at the medallion
on Lyfa’s neck. The clean cut jewel seemed to be more than ninety
percent in darkness now. The remaining time should be around thirty
minutes, I inhaled deeply before speaking,

“From the dungeon structure, after descending those stairs it will
probably be the boss’ room. The boss is certainly stronger than those
we faced so far, we’ll just have to fight with our all. At the start, focus
on defense while observing its attack patterns, and counter attack
when there’s a chance. Be careful when the boss’ gauge changes to
yellow or red as it might change its attack patterns.”
Looking at the nodding party members, I exclaimed in a
strengthened tone,

271

Sword Art Online Volume 8 – Early and Late
Caliber

“——Last battle, fly ahead with full throttle!”
“Oo―!”

With the third shout since the start of the quest; Yui on my head,
Pina on Silica’s shoulder, and the golden haired beautiful NPC Freyja
also raised their voices in chorus.

The width of the descending stairs increased as we went down,
and the decorative objects on the surrounding pillars and statues
became more gorgeous at the same time. The «approaching boss room
and resulting map data would be larger» tradition from Aincrad was
also present here.

Standing at the end of the path were two wolves carved into the
massive ice gate. So this was the throne room of King Þrym. Even
though we made sure there were no gimmicks in the surroundings, we
still approached the gate cautiously.

The gate began opening to both sides automatically once we were
about five meters away. The cold air, along with a difficult to explain
pressure, came from within. Asuna began re-applying supporting
magics, and with Freyja help, the maximum HP amount of all members
were increased by an unknown buff.

Everyone made eye contact after confirming the numbers of buff
icons below our HP/MP gauges. Then, we nodded and rushed in at
once.

The interior was an extraordinarily huge space in both horizontal
and vertical directions. The wall and floor were blue ice, like the rest of
the dungeon. The purple fire swayed eerily on the ice candles. High up
on the ceiling were chandeliers of the same color, lined up. But what
272

Sword Art Online Volume 8 – Early and Late
Caliber

grabbed our attention was the dazzling reflection from the left and
right wall lined along the interior.

Gold. Gold coins and ornaments, swords, armors, shields,
sculptures and furniture, all kinds of golden objects were piled up to a
scale where it was impossible to count. As the insides of the room sank
into darkness, the full extent of the treasure was entirely unfathomable.
“............How much Yurudo are all these worth......?”

Inside the room; Lisbeth, the only person who managed a player
shop here murmured in a trance. But what was inside my mind was
“With this much, your storage would surely explode!”, of course I didn’t
say that to her.
On the right side of the party now standing still, would Klein still
able to uphold his bushidō way of life? He walked aimlessly a few steps
toward the treasure mountain. And, increased his speed as he
approached the treasure——
“......A small bug is flying.”
The low frequency mutter could be heard from the dark open
space deep within the room, causing the floor to tremble.
“I hear an annoying buzz. Where is it? I’ll crush the bad bug.”

Boom, the floor trembled. Boom, boom, the trembles approached,
it sounded as if it were so heavy that it might break the ice floor.
Once it reached the lighting range, a human shape appeared.

273

Sword Art Online Volume 8 – Early and Late
Caliber

Giant —— wouldn’t be a suitable word. The humanoid evil-god
was huge even compared to the bosses we fought in this castle so far.
Its height must be at least fifteen meters. Even if I jumped with full
force, I wouldn’t be able to reach the knee of those giant tree trunk
sized legs.

Its skin color was dull blue, like lead. Dark brown fur coiled
around its arms and legs, and I wondered what kind of large animal the
fur came from. A single part of the plate armor on its waist had the size
of a small boat. While the upper part of the body was bare, the
prosperous muscle looked as if it was able to repel any weapons
directed at it.

Its muscular chest had its blue beard hung over it. Its head above
it sank into a silhouette and we could only see its outline. However, the
gold crown on its forehead and the blue and bleak blinking eyes below
shone brightly in the dark.

In the old Aincrad, the system limit of the floor height was a
hundred meters, the boss room inside the labyrinth zone was also
under the same rule, it was unavoidable for all boss monsters to had
vertical size in moderation. So up until now, I had no experience in
fighting with an enemy which I had to look up to. As I couldn’t fly, how
could I fight like this? The best I could do was cutting no higher than its
shins.

While I was thinking about various things, the giant giant —— the
double expressions are necessary to describe its size —— took another
step closer, and laughed like a gong being hit,
“Hu, hu...... the Alfheim bugs? Creeping into this place under
Urðr’s seduction? How about this, you small fry. Just tell me where that

274

Sword Art Online Volume 8 – Early and Late
Caliber

woman is hiding, and you can take the gold in this room with you,
hmm?”

With the enormous body and the crown on its forehead, along
with the speech just now, this guy was the «Frost Giant King Þrym», no
doubt about it.
It was Klein who faced and replied to the great giant, who was an
AI like Urðr and Freyja.

“......Heh, a warrior just needs to eat, sleep, and laugh! Don’t bother
trying to tame us with a cheap invitation like that!”

While we made subtle expressions of relief from behind, as in
front of us, Klein pulled his beloved katana from its scabbard.
With that signal, the rest of us took out our weapons as well.

They might not be the legendary class equipments, but all of them
either carried the name of ancient class weapons, or were carved to a
satisfactory level by the master smith Lisbeth. However, the daring
smile under the long moustache of the Giant King Þrym didn’t fade due
to the light from our weapons. Maybe it was natural, as our weapons to
him were just slightly longer than toothpicks to him anyway.
The shining phosphorescence from the dark eye sockets glared at
us from a very high place, the glance stopped at the eight person who
stood there unarmed.
“......Ho, ho. Isn’t that Freyja-dono? Leaving the cage and coming
here, does that mean you have already decided to become my bride,
hmm?”
Klein suddenly turned around and yelled in a hoarse voice,

“B-Bride!?”

275

Sword Art Online Volume 8 – Early and Late
Caliber

“Yes. That woman agreed to be my bride and came to the
marriage in this castle. But on the eve before the banquet I caught her
with the key to my treasury. So I put her in jail as punishment, hu, hu.”

——The situation became complicated, I tried to rearrange the
thoughts in my brain.

The golden haired beauty, whose name was Freyja, had said “in
order to reclaim the stolen tribe’s treasure, had crept into this castle.” a
while ago. But thinking about it clearly, the castle Þrymheimr floating
in midair had no windows and only had one entrance. So she decided
to agree to a fake marriage to enter the castle without difficulty, then
intruded into the throne room during the night to recover the treasure.
But she was caught by the gate guardian and was chained up in prison
as the result —— that kind of setting?
If that was the truth, then the possibility of being attacked by her
from behind was low. But now the overall plot still couldn’t be pinned
together. The quest’s sub-route was still confusing. First of all, of the
nine fairy races of Alfheim, which one was Freyja’s «tribe»? And what
was her stolen treasure?

Those kind of things should have been asked when she joined the
party, but now there was no longer any time; while I was thinking
about that, Lyfa, who was my left wing vanguard, pulled my sleeve and
whispered,
“Hey, Onii-chan. I somehow feel like I read this somewhere......
Þrym and Freyja...... The stolen treasure...... it was, hmmm, I’m
certain......”

But before Lyfa could finish, Freyja-san shouted with resolution
from behind,
276

Sword Art Online Volume 8 – Early and Late
Caliber

“Who would become your wife! Together with these swordsmen,
we’ll defeat you and take back the treasure you stole!”

“Nu, hu, hu, those are strong words. As expected from Freyjadono whose beauty and bravery is heard of even at the end of the nine
worlds. However, snapping the noble flower would give me great
pleasure...... after smashing these small bugs, I’ll love you deliberately,
nuhuhuhuhu......”

As Þrym patted his moustache with his massive hand while
issuing his speech, I doubted if this was really the plot written by the
automatic quest generator, as the speech was really testing the limits
permitted in a game for all ages.

All the girls in the battle formation made similar frowning
expressions, as Klein stood in front, clenching his left fist as he shouted,
“Y-Y-You bastard! Watch your mouth! This Klein-sama will never
let you lay a finger on Freyja-san!!”

“OuOu, I hear a sound of buzzing wings. Well, I’ll just subjugate
you bugs first, as an advance celebration for the entire Jötunheimr
becoming mine......”

Thump, the giant king suddenly stepped forward, its large HP
gauge appeared on the upper right of my field of vision. Moreover, it
was stacked three layers. Cutting that off would be very troublesome.

As the HP gauge of those evil floor bosses in the new Aincrad
were invisible in order to frustrate the player’s mind, compared to
those bosses, this battle’s pace would be much easier to grasp.

“——Come! Listen to Yui’s instructions and focus on avoiding at
the start!”
277

Sword Art Online Volume 8 – Early and Late
Caliber

Immediately after my shout, Þrym raised his huge rock-like right
fist high up near the ceiling —— a blue frost storm wrapped its fist,
then furiously swung down.
The last battle in Þrymheimr castle —— but probably —— was
as expected, a large and fierce battle I had never experienced.

The King Þrym’s early attack patterns were punches from both
fists, three continuous stomping using the right foot, an ice breath in a
straight line, and twelve ice Dwarf soldiers from the floor.

The most troublesome was the creation of the Dwarves, which
was taken care of from the back of the party by Sinon’s bow, cleaning
them up in the blink of an eye by piercing their weak points with
marvellous accuracy. The rest of the attacks were avoidable after
observing its timing once, the counts from Yui also helped the three in
the front row continue avoiding direct hits.
Once the defense was in place, it was finally the time to attack,
however, this was certainly the hard part. As I had feared, our swords
could only reach Þrym’s shins, and the thick fur protecting that area
had high physical resistance, like the gold Minotaur. I took a small
chance to attack it with a three hit sword skill, risking my HP to do so,
but a low delay skill also had low attribute damage. The result was an
unpleasant response, like hitting an indestructible object.

A great reassurance in this battle situation was the thunder magic
attacks from Freyja-san. This, along with Klein’s full force’s “Mengo!”.
With the cooperation from the NPC and an occasional purple shower of
lightning from behind, Þrym’s HP was certainly shaved off.
278

Sword Art Online Volume 8 – Early and Late
Caliber

We fought hard in the battle for ten minutes before the first HP
gauge finally depleted, causing the giant king to make an overpowered
roar.
“Pattern changed! Be careful!”

As I shouted, Lyfa who was next to me said in a nervous voice,

“This is bad, Onii-chan. Only three lights remain in the medallion.
We may have fifteen minutes left.”
“............”

Þrym had three HP gauges. However, we took more than ten
minutes to deplete one gauge. It could be said that cutting the
remaining two gauges within fifteen minutes would be very difficult.

But, for this opponent, the «Skill Connect» wouldn’t work like it
did when we were fighting the gold Minotaur. During monster delay —
— or to say the delay occurring after its attack, «striking the weak
point to create heavy concentrated damage» was needed. However,
Þrym was weak to neither sword nor magic, so even if the sword skill
connected four times, it wouldn’t be able to make much change to that
amount of HP.
As if seeing the moment of my impatience——

Þrym suddenly inhaled a large amount of the air, inflating his
chest like a bellows.

An overpowering wind occurred, sucking in the five people in the
front and mid rows. It’s bad, this is surely the harbinger of a full force
wide area attack. For evading, first of all, the sucking power of the wind
magic must be neutralized. While I was thinking this, to my left, Lyfa
started reciting a spell.

279

Sword Art Online Volume 8 – Early and Late
Caliber

But, there was probably not enough time once I noticed the
enemy motion.
“Lyfa, everyone, take defense!”

At my call, Lyfa suspended the spell, crossed her arms in front
and bent her body. All members took the same posture, in that moment,
From Þrym’s mouth, which had sent out a breath in a straight line
many times up until this point, released a wide conal diamond dust.

The shining pale wind wrapped around us. The cold which
penetrated Asuna’s buff made it feel like our skin was being torn off.
Gin, gin, with a sharp sound, the avatars of five people froze at once. I
tried to escape, but the thick shell of the ice completely locked my
movements. Lyfa, Klein, Liz, Silica with Pina being hugged tightly to her
chest, and I turned into blue ice sculptures.
At the moment, our HP gauge still haven’t decreased. But we
couldn’t feel at ease. As this kind of special skill would increase the
damage taken in direct proportion to the time being suspended.

Þrym approached, then lifted up his massive right leg. Bad, pinch,
danger. —— as I screamed in my mind, at almost the same time,
“Nuuu―!”

With a thick roar, Þrym stomped furiously on the floor. The
violent shock wave from it swallowed us while we were still frozen—
—

Gaching! the frightening sound of breaking echoed throughout the
hall, those of us covered in ice shattered. My eyes went dark due to
shock. My body slammed hard on the floor while the damage effect
light continued on.

280

Sword Art Online Volume 8 – Early and Late
Caliber

At the edge of my vision, the top five of eight HP gauges suddenly
turned to a deep red.
While the five vanguards got caught in Þrym’s large-scaled ranged
attack, of course the three people in the back row weren’t just
watching.
Our HP gauges were taken by nearly eighty percent when
suddenly, a soft blue light rained down on us, healing our wounds. It
was Asuna’s high ranked full recovery spell. The timing was perfect,
which would be impossible to achieve without anticipating the
occurrence of the damage and pre-casting the spell in advance.

However, in this game’s large-scaled recovery magics, most of
them were of the «Heal over Time» type, which didn’t recovery all the
lost HP instantly. So it’d be fatal if we were attacked again while our HP
was still recovering.

Þrym stepped forward in order to deliver the final blow to us who
finally stood up. The long beard that hung over its throat —— was
suddenly pierced by a rapid succession of fire arrows blazing bright
red, causing a big explosion. It was Sinon’s two-handed long bow
sword skill «Explode Arrow». With ten percent physical, and ninety
percent flame damage property striking the frost giant tribe’s weak
point, his HP gauge clearly decreased.
“Munuuuun!”

Þrym raised an angry voice and changed his direction to target
Sinon. The flashy attack on the enemy’s weak point from the back
row’s damage dealers caused a massive amount of hate, taking over the
hate of the vanguards, resulting in the enemy switching target was a

281

Sword Art Online Volume 8 – Early and Late
Caliber

mistake beginners always did; but of course, this wasn’t the case this
time. Sinon acted as a decoy, knowing it would likely lead to her death,
to buy us time for recovery.
“Sinon, give me thirty seconds!”

While shouting, I gulped down a recovery potion from my pouch.
Next to me, the others also poured similar red liquids down their
mouths. Pina, Silica’s partner, seemed to have narrowly survived
because of its master’s guard skill. In this world, unlike Aincrad, there
was a pet resurrection spell, but taking time to do so during a battle
would be very difficult.

My vision switched between the irritatingly slowly increasing HP
gauge, and the blue Cait Sith’s continuing to avoid Þrym’s fierce attacks.
Even though Sinon had come to ALO not long ago, her body control was
spectacular. In GGO, as a sniper who forfeited all defensive skills,
running away was the only way if an attacker type approached, that
experience was probably still with her now.
“......Prepare the attack.”

Removing my eyes off the HP gauge, which had finally came back
up to eighty percent, I called my companions. Re-gripping both of my
swords, I began to start counting, in that instant——
eyes.

“Swordsman-sama.”

The sudden voice came from my side, I frighteningly turned my

Standing right beside me, was the person who was with Asuna
just a moment ago, the eight party member —— Freyja.

282

Sword Art Online Volume 8 – Early and Late
Caliber

said,

The mysterious auburn pupils stared at me, and the AI-based NPC

“At this rate, defeating Þrym is not possible. My wish is but one,
buried somewhere in this room, just my tribe’s treasure. With that
returned, I’d regain my true power, and with that, be able to dismiss
Þrym.”
“......T-True power......”

I spent a short moment lost in thought.

Then I reached my decision. This wasn’t the first time I feared
Freyja-san regaining her full power and then assisting Þrym in
attacking us. Also, if this endurance battle dragged on, the probability
of quest failure due to insufficient time was high, which would lead to
the catastrophe. In that case, I must lean on the remaining possibility.
“Understood. What kind of treasure?”

I quickly asked the NPC, and Freyja then spread her hands about
thirty centimeters wide.
“It’s about this big, a golden hammer.”
“......Hah? H-Hammer?”
“Yes, hammer.”

I stared to Freyja’s face who had just returned the same answer,
confused for half a second. At that time, Sinon, who was driven to the
rear right wall of the throne room, took splash damage from Þrym’s
attack, losing nearly twenty percent of her HP. Not being able to stand
letting her to be the only target any more, I quickly said to Klein and
Lyfa,
“You go ahead to help her! I’ll follow soon!”

283

Sword Art Online Volume 8 – Early and Late
Caliber

“Roger!”

The katana user shouted the single word and bolted out while
raising a war cry. While listening to the sound effect of the group battle
which shortly began, I looked around the vast throne room.

The bunch of shining gold objects were piled high up along the
blue ice wall’s edge. How can I search for a single hammer among
them? Certainly this might be the standard «searching for item» type of
quest, but wasn’t the difficulty too high!?
Perhaps this quest was supposed to be taken by a raid party of
thirty people. Without that much manpower, searching for a single
item from this mountain of treasures seemed impossible.
“......Yui.”

With the feeling of wanting to rely on the Navigation Pixie on my
head, I called her, to which she shook her head to the side in reply,

“Can’t, Papa. There is no location of the key item in the map data.
It was probably randomly placed in the room once we entered. It
seems that to discover the location of the item in question and hand it
to Freyja-san is the key objective.”
“Is that so......uu......~~n......!”

I concentrated thinking so hard that smoke would have emitted
out of my ears, but this time there was no idea coming out. Was there
nothing but to bet on the one in ten thousands chance by digging from
a nearby mountain of treasures?

At that time, Lyfa who struggled in the battle nearby looked at me
for a moment and shouted,
“Onii-chan! Use a thunder type skill!”

284

Sword Art Online Volume 8 – Early and Late
Caliber

“T-Thunder......?”

My eyes widened in shock for a moment, but the next moment, I
swung the sword in my right hand.

For me, who learned only the basic illusion spells, there was only
one way to produce damage with thunder property.
“......Seyaaa!”

With a shout, I kicked the ground at full force and jumped. With a
mid-air forward somersault, at the same time changing my grip on the
sword to a backhand and thrusting my body downward. It was one of
the few heavy ranged attacks in one-handed sword category,
«Lightning Fall». Thirty percent physical and seventy percent thunder.

With the roar of dry thunder, the sword stabbed into the floor.
From the center, blue-purple sparks shot out in all direction. I then
lifted my body and quickly turned around, my glance was at the group
of surrounding objects which had been mowed down——
“............!”

I saw it. Deep within the mountain of gold, a purple light blinked
briefly in response to the thunder I created. Clenching my teeth, I
dashed to the upper left corner of the room. While looking at the huge
chair on my right, which should be Þrym’s throne, I made a bodily dive
into the mountain of treasure, discarding and throwing away the
objects which would be very expensive——
“......Is this it!?”

Several seconds later, rolled out in front of my eyes, I stretched
my hand to grab the meager item. It was a small hammer with thin
golden handle and a bejewelled platinum head. As I grabbed and lifted

285

Sword Art Online Volume 8 – Early and Late
Caliber

it up, I could feel its frightening weight which could easily cause my
avatar to sink into the ground. I put more force to lift it, turned around
and shouted,
“Freyja-san, here!”

Then, due to a little impatience, I made a long throw using the
built up momentum. I wouldn’t be able to complain if this deed raised
the NPC attack flag. Fortunately, the golden haired beauty caught the
extremely heavy hammer I threw at her splendidly with her thin and
slender right hand.

But immediately, her body curled as if being affected by the
added weight. The long wavy hair flowed, and her exposed white back
trembled slightly.

......Eh, maybe it was the wrong item? Did I somehow pass something
bad to her?
I started feeling impatient again —— then I heard Freyja-san’s
low whisper,
“............flowing............”
Pari, a thin spark appeared in the air.

“......verflowing......it’s overflowing............”

Somehow the odd speech seemed to match a beautiful witch
more. Was it an error in the Cardinal’s language engine module? But
even so, the voice seemed strange. The sleek and husky voice up until
now changed to hoarse and low cracking voice.
286

Sword Art Online Volume 8 – Early and Late
Caliber

PariPari, the sparks became increasingly violent. The golden
brown hair floated up softly, and the edges of the thin pure white dress
fluttered vigorously.
“Over......flowingggooooOOOOOOOOO————!”

The third shout that gushed out was completely unlike the
previous Freyja-san. The bad feeling was like it came from a different
dimension, in front of my widened eyes —— the muscle of the
beautiful pure white limbs and back rose up like ropes. At the same
time, the white dress was torn off into pieces and disappeared.
In that moment, Klein who was fighting behind the hall turned
around by the activation of his secret skill «hyper sense». His eyes
began open wide at the stark naked body of Freyja-san. But the next
moment, his jaw dropped.

It was no wonder at all. The whole body of Freyja-san, which was
clad in a lightning flash, started growing larger. Three meters...... five
meters...... and still wouldn’t stop. The arms and legs were sturdy like
big trees, the chest had been raised until it had exceeded Þrym’s. The
hammer in the right hand had also increased its size in accordance to
the owner. In a short time, it had reached such a size that even a
Gnome heavy warrior wouldn’t be able to equip it, emitting intense
lightning flashes in all directions.
At that point, the phenomenon that gave Klein and I the worst
shock happened.

While facing down, from the cheek and jaw that became rugged
and strong, appeared a golden brown and long, looong —— beard.
“It’s a......”

“Grandpa!?”

287

Sword Art Online Volume 8 – Early and Late
Caliber

The scream of two men echoed throughout the entire room.

So, now, the imprisoned woman who would walk along the
bushidō road with Klein no longer exists in this world. The body raised
up with an overwhelming force, the fifteen meters tall giant, no matter
how you looked at it, wouldn’t be less than forty years old, it was
clearly a nice middle6.
“OOO......OOOOO————!”

The giant old man released a roar that shook the entire hall with
its electric shock-like bass, behind the hall, the King Þrym who had
stopped moving turned around, then moved his right leg wrapped in
the thick leather boots forward.

I fearfully moved my gaze toward the left edge of my vision,
confirming at name carved in the bottom-most of the eight HP/MP
gauges.

The letters which had formed [Freyja] just a little while ago had
already changed shape.
[Thor]. That, was the name of our new companion.

6

A Japanese term refering to a middle-aged man that combine sportiness and discretion.

288

Sword Art Online Volume 8 – Early and Late
Caliber

Chapter 5
Even for me who was not very knowledgeable in myth and
folklore, there were some of which I was somewhat familiar with.

In Norse mythology, the great god Óðinn 7, clown god Loki, and a
well known —— god of thunder Þórr. Armed with the hammer to call
thunder, the figure that defeated giants one after another had been the
motif in many films and games.

This was that Lyfa told me later, the proper episode in Norse
mythology about «Þórr reclaiming the hammer stolen by the giant king
Þrym». In that myth, Þórr had disguised himself as the goddess Freyja
in order to trick Þrym into a false marriage, the disguise was almost
exposed many times during the banquet, but the cunning of Loki had
helped them pass through, finally he reclaimed the hammer and
proceeded to kill every giant there except Þrym, it was a cruel story I
had never known before this. It was probable that the Cardinal System
collected the legend, then arranged it to be used as this quest’s sub
route.
In other words, if one knew about this episode, once they heard
the name Freyja, they would have immediately understood that she
was not Þrym’s spy. So I was very thankful for Klein’s intuition and
bushidō at the ice cage that helped Freyja out, however —— with
Freyja’s «true identity» revealed, I wondered what his state of mind
was like right now.
7

Odin.

289

Sword Art Online Volume 8 – Early and Late
Caliber

“Nuuu―n...... you despicable giant, your punishment for stealing
my treasure «Mjölnir» will be given right now!”

The god of thunder Þórr brandished the huge golden hammer in
his right hand, he rushed into battle using the momentum from kicking
the thick floor.
The frost king Þrym standing opposite breathed onto both of his
hands, creating a battle axe of ice there. Swinging the axe, he shouted
in return,
“You small dirty god, you dare trick me! I’ll cut the beard from
your face off and send you back to Ásgarðr! 8“

If we thought about it, Þrym truly believed that the Freyja just
now was the real goddess, and was waiting eagerly for the wedding.
Even though he was a bad guy, at least he had the right to be angry.

In the center of the open space, the gold moustached and the blue
moustached giants shouted and exchanged blows with each other
using the golden hammer and the ice battle axe. The impacts that were
sent out shook the entire castle. Still not recovering from the shock of
Freyja’s change into a giant —— no, into a grandpa, we stood around
with eyes wide open in confusion, and before long, Sinon, who already
finished recovering her HP, shouted sharply from the back of the room,
“Everyone attack now, while Þórr is the target!”

Yes, that was absolutely correct. There was no guarantee that
Þórr would be able to fight until the end. I also swung my sharp swords
and raised my voice.
“Alright, full attack! Use sword skills without holding back!”
8

Asgard.

290

Sword Art Online Volume 8 – Early and Late
Caliber

Then, seven people kicked the floor and approached Þrym from
all directions.
“Nuuooooooo————!”

Emitting exceptionally intense fighting spirit, with his katana
raised high in his battle stance, it seemed there was something
glittering at the corner of Klein’s eyes, but as mercy to the warrior I
pretended not to see it. Without worrying about the skill delay, we
continued using more than three-hit sword skills on both of Þrym’s
legs. Asuna also changed from her wand to her rapier without me
noticing, her god speed thrusting attack shook the Achilles tendon.
Lisbeth beside her repeatedly hit Þrym’s little finger with the mace
held in both hands.
“Gu......numuu......!”

Þrym let a growl leak while his body shook, and finally, his left
knee hit the floor. A dazzling yellow light effect circled his crown’s
perimeter. It was the stun condition.
“Now’s the chance......!”

According to my call, every member released their highest combo
attack. Bright light effects covered the bare upper body of Þrym. In
addition, from the sky, orange shining arrows poured down like rain.
“Nuuun! Return to the abyss, giant king!”

In the end, Þórr delivered the final blow by slamming the hammer
in his right hand at Þrym’s head. The crown broke and flew off, and the
boss monster that once seemed like an iron wall collapsed onto the
ground with a loud crash.
291

Sword Art Online Volume 8 – Early and Late
Caliber

Its HP gauge had already disappeared. The tip of its limbs and its
moustache turned into ice as it made a creaking sound.
Its jet black eye sockets with the blinking blue phosphorescence
faded and vanished. At that time, the tangled moustache moved, and a
low laugh flowed out,

“Nu huhuhu...... you little bugs can enjoy your triumph now. But
let your guard against the æsir down and you’ll see painful
experience...... Because they are the true...”

Zumun! the sound of Þórr’s intense stomp exploded, he then tread
onto the almost completely frozen Þrym.

A tremendously large scaled End Flame occurred, as the frost
giant king turned into countless numbers of ice shards and scattered.
Due to the pressure of the effect, we involuntarily held up our hands
and took a few steps back, the god of thunder Þórr glared at the scene
with his golden eyes from high above.

“............Hmmm, I give you my thanks, Fairy Warriors. I was also
able to wash away the disgrace of my treasure being stolen. ——Now,
there must be a reward.”

He then lifted his left hand and touched the handle of the
gorgeous giant hammer in his right hand. One of the inlaid jewels came
out easily, emitted light and turned into a small, human-sized hammer.

Þórr then dropped the scaled down version of the real golden
hammer to Klein.
“«Thunder Hammer Mjölnir», use it well in battle. And ——
farewell.”

292

Sword Art Online Volume 8 – Early and Late
Caliber

Þórr held up his right hand and the pale lightning immediately
penetrated the wide open space. We closed our eyes reflexively, and
when we opened our eyelids, he was no longer there. The member
withdrawal dialog floated up, and the eighth HP/MP gauge soundlessly
disappeared.

On the spot where Þrym had disappeared, a bunch of drop items
rolled down like a waterfall, which then automatically disappeared
into the party’s temporary storage.

At the same time, an intense light shone in the boss room, driving
away the darkness. Regretfully, the mountain of golden objects by the
wall also faded away. Well, all of our storage was almost full, so we
couldn’t keep them anyway.
“............Phew......”

I let out a small breath, then walked to Klein’s side, then placed
my hand on his shoulder and said,
“Legendary weapon get, congratulations.”

“............I don’t have any hammer skills though.”

Gripping the one-handed battle hammer glittering with an aura
effect, the katana user who had a sad smile earlier returned to his usual
energetic smile.

“Then, I’d be glad to give it to Liz. Ah― but don’t dissolve this into
ingots......”

“Wait! No matter how many ingots I can get I won’t do something
as wasteful as that anyway!”
Next to Lisbeth who was objecting, Asuna said seriously,

293

Sword Art Online Volume 8 – Early and Late
Caliber

“But Liz, dissolving legendary items seems to yield a lot of
Orichalcum ingots.”
“Eh, really?”

“O-Oi! stop talking about dissolving it already!”

Everyone laughed at Klein who shouted while hugging the
hammer tightly to his chest——
At that moment,

The ice floor shook violently along with a heavy bass sound at
such a high volume that it could shake the core of the body.
“Kyaa!”

Silica screamed with her triangular ears faced down. Sinon next
to her, who had her tail bent into an S shape, shouted,
“It......it’s moving!? No, it’s floating......!”
I might be a bit late, but I noticed too.

The giant castle Þrymheimr shuddered like a living thing, and
seemed to rise slightly, little by little. Why is this —— no —— could it be,
when I thought until this point,
Lyfa took a peek at the medallion under her neck then gushed out
in a high-pitched voice,
“O......Onii-chan! The quest is still ongoing!!”
“W......What!?”

Shouted Klein. It was the same feeling I had. With the chief of the
frost giant tribe dead, normally the quest would have been completed
294

Sword Art Online Volume 8 – Early and Late
Caliber

too —— but, my memory started recalling what «Queen of the Lake
Urðr» said when we were asked to do the quest.

Invading Þrymheimr and removing the holy sword Excaliber from
the pedestal. Defeating Þrym wasn’t the objective. In other words,
Þrym, the formidable enemy, was just one of the hurdles for the quest’s
progression——
“L-Last light is flashing now!”

In a voice similar to Lyfa’s scream, Yui responded sharply,
“Papa, stairs appeared behind the throne!”
“...............!!”

Without sparing any time to reply, I furiously kicked the floor and
dashed toward the throne.

As I approached, in the shape of a chair, aside from it being fifteen
meters tall as it was for the frost king Þrym’s exclusive use, the throne
looked like a small hut. If we weren’t in an emergency, we would try to
climb up to the seat, however, I ran to its left side without looking up at
all.

When I turned to the throne’s back, just as Yui said, the ice floor
had opened, showing a small descending staircase. It was clearly the
size one from the frost giant tribe wouldn’t be able to pass, the size was
for a human —— no, a single fairy was barely able to pass. While
hearing the approaching footsteps of my companions, I plunged into
the dim entrance without hesitation.
While running down the spiral staircase skipping three steps at a
time, I thought in a corner of my mind. If we failed the quest we
received from Urðr —— and at the same time, the large number of the

295

Sword Art Online Volume 8 – Early and Late
Caliber

players on the ground were successful in the slaughter quest, the giant
ice castle Þrymheimr would float up and surface in the middle of the
capital city Aarun; however, Þrym, who had the ambition of invading
Alfheim was no longer there. Well, the «came back to life as if nothing
had happened» line was also not impossible, but I didn’t think the
Cardinal System which had always stuck profusely to details would
expand the story in such an aggressive manner.
Thinking while running down at full speed, as if she could read
my thought, the voice of Lyfa came from behind me,
“......Well, Onii-chan. I can’t recall it clearly...... but what if the
master of Þrymheimr isn’t Þrym in the real Norse mythology?”
“E......Eh!? But, the name......”

“I think so too. But, in the legend is certainly......Th......Th......”

While Lyfa was mumbling, Yui on my head who referred to the
outside network immediately replied,

“It’s «Þjazi» 9. In the legend, the one who wants the golden apple
that Urðr mentioned was him, not Þrym. And next is the information
from within ALO, the request of the problematic slaughter quest came
from the biggest castle on Jötunheimr ground, was from an NPC named
«Archduke Þjazi».”
“......In other words, the successor was there since the beginning
then......”

Perhaps when Þrymheimr floated up into Aarun, Þjazi would be
in the throne room above, giving out commands like a last boss. But
Þjazi (anglicized as Thiazi, Thjazi, Tjasse or Thiassi) was a son of the giant Olvaldi,
brother of giants Idi and Gangr, and the father of Skaði. His most notable misdeed was the
kidnapping of the goddess Iðunn.
9

296

Sword Art Online Volume 8 – Early and Late
Caliber

letting the Cardinal’s intention of destroying the capital city and
invading the Aarun plateau wasn’t on my mind, I didn’t come this far to
just surrender here. Rather than not obtaining Excaliber, I wouldn’t be
able to face our friend Tonkii. Of course if the sword was there along
the way, I wouldn’t hesitate to grab it either......

While I was thinking those various thoughts, the tremor that
wrapped around the castle became increasingly violent. Sometimes the
change in G force could be felt intensely, it was clear that the castle was
piercing the canopy. I held my breath and continued throwing my
momentum down the spiral staircase which I didn’t know how far
down it went.
“————Papa, five more seconds until we reach the exit!”
“OK!”

I shouted, just as the bright light up ahead entered my field of
vision, I jumped ahead at full force.

What was there was a regular ice octahedron, or a hollowed room
in the shape of a superimposed upper and lower parts of a pyramid.
The so-called «Burial Chamber».

The wall was quite thin, the entire Jötunheimr field could be seen
from the lower part of the ice. On the surroundings, fragments of rock
and crystal continued falling down from the canopy. The spiral
staircase pierced the center of the burial chamber and continued down
toward the bottom.
Then, at that point —— was a deep pure golden light.

There is no mistake, when Lyfa and I rode on Tonkii’s back to
escape from Jötunheimr, this was the same twinkling light we saw
297

Sword Art Online Volume 8 – Early and Late
Caliber

inside the bottom of the ice castle. Nearly a year had passed and we
finally made it here.

When all seven people came down the staircase, we surrounded
«that» in a half circle.

At the very center of the circular floor, a 50cm dimensioned ice
cube was enshrined. Something small seemed to be trapped inside.
When I stared at it closer, it seemed to be thin and delicate tree roots.
The countless number of threads that looked like capillary gathered
and huddled thicker toward the single main root.

The main root had a diameter of around five centimeters,
however, it was cleanly cut. At the place it was cut was a thin and sharp
blade inscribed with the detailed runes —— the sword. The shining
golden long sword extended vertically, half of the blade was exposed
from the ice plinth. It had a detailed knuckle guard and black leather
was tightly knitted around the hilt. Its pommel was shining with a big
iridescent jewel.
I once saw the very same sword, no I had grabbed it before.

The man who used ALO as a tool for his own ambition, in order to
cut me, tried to create it using the GM’s power. However, that power
was transferred to me by the person who had higher authority than
him, I generated the sword and gave it to him in order to settle it all.

At that time, I had produced the world’s strongest sword with just
a single command, but I had a strong sense of aversion to it. Without
the challenge to obtain the sword by proper means, the feeling of
borrowing but not returning wouldn’t disappear. Although more than
half was by chance, but the time had finally come.
......Sorry for the wait.

298

Sword Art Online Volume 8 – Early and Late
Caliber

As I whispered in my mind, I made a step forward, my right hand
grabbed the hilt of the long sword —— the legendary class weapon
«Holy Sword Excaliber».
“............!!”

I put all my strength into pulling it out of the pedestal.

However, it felt like the sword and the plinth, no, the entire castle
had become a single object, as it didn’t even creak a little. With my left
hand helping, both legs firmly planted, mustering all my strength.
“Nu......o............!!”

But the result was the same. Bad vibes caused a chill to go down
my spine.

In ALO, unlike in SAO and GGO; strength, agility and other
numerical stats weren’t shown in the system window. The boundary if
a certain weapon or armor could be equipped was also vague, from
«Easy to handle», «Somewhat challenging», «Body would be swayed»,
to «Difficult to lift up», changing in non-gradual stages. So among the
players, there were many that even though the weapon obtained by
sheer luck was so overweight, they still didn’t give up, but wore it,
causing their combat power to be lowered as a result.

But even so, the system needed to handle those stats in numerical
values, in other words, they were «hidden parameters». The basic
value was determined by race and constitution, then applied with
boosts from skills and bonuses from magic equipments, and
supporting magics could adjust the value even further. Comparing
Klein as a Salamander against me as a Spriggan, Klein would have only
a slightly higher base value.
299

Sword Art Online Volume 8 – Early and Late
Caliber

But as he loved katana techniques, all his skill and equipment
adjustments were based on agility. On the other hand, with the
tendency of «loving heavy swords», my adjustment was focused mainly
on strength. As a result, among the seven people here, I was without
doubt the one with the highest strength. So if I couldn’t pull the sword
out with my strength, no one else would be able to either. As everyone
seemed to understand this, no one asked for an attempt.
Instead, I could hear voices from behind me,
“Keep at it, Kirito-kun!”

It was Asuna. Then Liz raised her voice saying “Yeah, just a bit
more!”. The encouragement from Lyfa, Silica, and Klein also came right
after that.

Sinon shouted “Show me your willpower!”, Yui said “Papa, keep at
it!” with all her little voice, even Pina purred with “Kurururuu!”.

As the person who assembled this party, becoming discouraged
here wasn’t an option. I already got the maximum buffs, the rest was
just fighting spirit and will power. Rather than thinking the parameter
wasn’t high enough, I had to believe that the lock would be released
with the multiplication of the input and time, mustering my strength,
no, my will power to the limit.

The surroundings in my vision started to white out, a flickering
light flew in front of my eyes, if this continued any longer, the
AmuSphere would automatically disconnect me due to an abnormality
in the brain waves —— at that time,
Piki, with a sharp sound, and at the same time, a faint vibration
transmitted to my hands.
“Ah......!”

300

Sword Art Online Volume 8 – Early and Late
Caliber

I didn’t know whose yell that was. Suddenly a light burst out from
the pedestal under my feet, as golden light filled my entire vision.

Immediately after that, a crushing sound which was more
profound and exhilarating than any sound effect we had heard up until
now ran through our ears. My body fully stretched out —— inside the
ice lump which was scattering in all directions, my right hand held the
long sword which created a vivid golden track in the air.

Flying significantly behind me were my six companions who were
using their hands to extend support to each other. While withstanding
the tremendous weight of the sword I was holding, I faced up above,
my vision met with everyone overlooking from above. All members of
the party started smiling, and released a great joyful atmosphere ——
Although I had already assumed so, the next phenomenon happened
sooner than expected.
Small tree roots were released from the ice pedestal.

Floating in mid air, it suddenly stretched out, no, it started
growing.

The very fine capillary spread downward in succession. The
upper section which had been cut off also had new tissue growing
upward from the cut wound.

From above, a tremendous roaring sound could be heard. Looking
up, the hole which we had ran through and the spiral staircase had
been crushed by something rushing down. It was also roots. The one
which supported Þrymheimr, the roots of the world tree——
The thick roots rushed into the octagonal room with a blistering
pace, the small roots which extended from the plinth touched them,
twisted together, and united.

301

Sword Art Online Volume 8 – Early and Late
Caliber

The next moment——

The slight vibration which was felt like a shindo 1 earthquake up
until now sent out a shock wave that swallowed the entire Þrymheimr
castle.
“Owa......b......breaking......!!”

Klein yelled, as everyone mutually held up together, while
numerous cracks ran through the surrounding wall almost
simultaneously.

The deafeningly loud echo roared continuously. The thick wall of
ice, about the size of a carriage separated from each other, dropped to
the «Great Void» far below.

“......! The entire Þrymheimr castle had collapsed! Papa, we need to
escape!”
Yui on my head screamed in sharp voice. I looked at Asuna’s face
on my right and shouted,
“Even saying so, the stairs!”

Yes, the spiral staircase which we used to reach this burial
chamber had already been blown off by the rushing world tree’s roots,
leaving no trace behind. Even before that, going back the original route
would only lead us to the open terrace in the mid air.
“If we could grab the roots......”

Sinon murmured while looking up, she was still calm even in this
situation.
“......Seems impossible.”

302

Sword Art Online Volume 8 – Early and Late
Caliber

I shrugged my shoulders. Surely, the roots of world tree stretched
from the ceiling and reached the middle of the chamber, but we were
on the circular floor below, which was about ten meters below the
capillary. It wasn’t a distance we could reach even with a full force
jump.
“Wait, the world tree! Don’t be so cold-hearted!”

Lisbeth raised her right fist while yelling, but her opponent was a
tree. She wouldn’t even get a single apology from it.

“’Right......if it comes to this, Klein-sama will show you all the
Olympic class vertical high jump!”

The katana user stood up abruptly then ran up to one end of the
six meters diameter circular disc——
“Ah, idiot, don’t......”

Before I could stop him, his gorgeous jump already happened
before my eyes. He could reach around 2.15 meters, it was splendid
considering he had a short running start, however, his hand couldn’t
reach the root before his body continued on a parabolic curve and
dropped heavily onto the center of the floor.

At that moment, It was surely from the shock wave earlier. ——
was what everyone tried to think —— while running cracks suddenly
appeared on the surrounding walls.

The lower section of the burial chamber, in other words, the
lower apex of the Þrymheimr castle had finally separated from its body.
“K......Klein-san you idiot―!”

303

Sword Art Online Volume 8 – Early and Late
Caliber

Came from Silica who was not used to screaming except when her
tail was pulled; the rounded disc carrying seven people + one + one pet
broke into an endless free fall.

If this were a gag manga, in this scene everyone would just sit
around and drink tea as if it were completely normal.

However, dropping in a VRMMO like this was really ultra scary. It
might be my daily hobby to fly above the clouds in Alfheim, but that
was because of the reliable wings. With flying forbidden, such as in
dungeons, a beginner female player could taste terror just by jumping
from a five meter height. Even I didn’t like it.

Therefore, the seven of us crawling on the circular ice disc
couldn’t help but scream simultaneously.

Surrounding us were the lumps of ice that collapsed at the same
time, clashing with each other, as they continued breaking into smaller
pieces. Looking up above, the lower part of the giant castle Þrymheimr
broke apart from its structure, and each time caused the roots of the
world tree to tremble.
Finally, from the edge of the disc, I fearfully took a peek below.

A thousand meters, no, it should be about eight hundred meters
from the Jötunheimr ground, the darkness «Great Void» had its mouth
open. Of course the disc we were sitting on was rushing toward the
center.
“......What is down there?”

A calm mumble came from Sinon, I somehow managed to answer,

“P-Pr-Probably as Urðr-san said, M-M-Maybe it leads to
Niflheimr!”

304

Sword Art Online Volume 8 – Early and Late
Caliber

“It would be great if it’s not cold......”

“N-N-Noo, I think it’s super cold! I-I-It’s the hometown of the frost
giants after all!”

Having a conversation like that finally helped loosen the
constriction in my stomach, while my hands still hugged Excaliber, I
asked Lyfa to my left,
“Lyfa, W-W-What happened to the S-Slaughter quest?”

Then, the Sylph with her pea green ponytail trailing vertically
stopped screaming —— or perhaps it was a joyful shout, I have my
doubts —— and looked at the medallion on her chest.

“Ah......W-We’ve made it Onii-chan! There is still a single light
remaining! I-I’m glad......!”

Lyfa made a full smile and jumped to me with open arms, while I
stroked her hair and started thinking,
If the world tree had returned to its original shape, Urðr and her
kin would have regained their power as well, so they would no longer
be hunted by the humanoid evil-gods. In that case, if we continued
falling into the Great Void, be it dying during the fall or dying due to
crashing upon Niflheimr, our sacrifice wouldn’t be in vain.

There was only one worry, it was «Excaliber» which we used all
our power to secure. The quest wasn’t properly completed, as I still
couldn’t say I had obtained ownership of it yet. Perhaps, surviving and
meeting with Urðr again were the required flags for the clean
completion of this quest?

305

Sword Art Online Volume 8 – Early and Late
Caliber

Nevertheless, I spread the system window where Lyfa couldn’t
see and tried to put Excaliber into the storage. But the sword was
repelled from the window, and wouldn’t settle in.

——Well, I already grabbed it once. It’s fine, such a gold sparkling
legendary weapon like this isn’t my taste anyway.
I tried to fool myself using the sour grapes theory.

Lyfa who was embracing my neck suddenly raised her face.
“............I hear something.”
“Eh......?”

I reflected the air off my ears to listen carefully, but all I could
hear was the groaning sound of the air. The ground was already much
closer now. Falling and breaking into the Void would probably take
about sixty more seconds.
“Here, again!”

Lyfa shouted again and stood skillfully on the rounded disc.
“O-Oi, it’s dangerous......”

As I started calling, at that time,

Kuoooo——......n, a cry from the distance reached my ears, I
realized.

I turned around and adjusted my vision. Beyond the group of ice
lumps surrounding us, from the southern sky, was a small white light.
Approaching in a small arc, with its streamlined body like a fish, four
pairs of wings, and a long nose——
“............Tonkii————!”

306

Sword Art Online Volume 8 – Early and Late
Caliber

Lyfa shouted with both hands cupped around her mouth. Once
again, Kuoo―n returned. Without a doubt, that was the flying evil-god
Tonkii who carried us until the entrance of Þrymheimr. Thinking about
it, as Tonkii sent us there, coming to pick us up wasn’t strange. And of
course we would want it to come too.
“R......Right here right here―!”

Liz shouted while Asuna also waved her hand. Silica raised her
face fearfully while still hugging Pina tightly in her chest, Sinon waved
her tail in relief.

Klein who was still in the landing pose from his ultra high jump
also lifted his face and smiled while putting his right thumb up.

“Heheh......’right, I believed from the start...... this guy would surely
come to help......”
——Bull shit!

That was what I, and probably the other five, shouted in our
minds, as he was the same person who had forgotten about Tonkii up
until now. Still as admirable as usual, Tonkii gradually glided toward us.
There was plenty of time to transfer all the members before the crash.
Because of the numerous scattering ice lumps around us, the
closest Tonkii could hover near us still left us with a five meter gap. But
with such a gap, even a heavy player would had no problem jumping
over.

The first one was Lyfa, who jumped casually while humming, and
landed splendidly on Tonkii’s back. Then she stretched out her hands
with a “Silica-chan!” call.

307

Sword Art Online Volume 8 – Early and Late
Caliber

Silica nodded single-mindedly, as both her hands grabbed Pina’s
legs, then running awkwardly before firmly launching out. Pina, which
Silica was dangling under, flapped its wings, boosting the flying
distance. It was a tamer’s privilege from a flight type pet. She then
stopped in Lyfa’s embrace safely.

Next was Lisbeth who jumped along with a “Toryaa!” shout, along
with Asuna who made a long jump with a fluid form. Sinon was the
extreme one, jumping with double forward somersaults and landing
near Tonkii’s tail.

Klein turned to me with a stiff expression, I made a gesture telling
him, ‘Please feel free to go first.’
“’Right, prepare to be fascinated by my splendid......”

I slapped his back while he was saying that and measuring his
timing. Struggling with the running start’s distance, his jump’s distance
did not seem to be enough, but Tonkii stretched its nose to catch him in
mid air.
“O-Owaaaaa!? S-S-Scaryyyyy!?”

Ignoring his yell, I looked downward once more. Beyond the
rounded disc made of clear ice, the Great Void had filled entire my field
of vision. Facing forward, preparing a short approach run——
At that point, I noticed one terrible fact.
I couldn’t jump.

To be more exact, in my arms was a heavy load —— the «Holy
Sword Excaliber», so jumping five meters wouldn’t be possible. Just by
standing, my boots already bit into the ice.
308

Sword Art Online Volume 8 – Early and Late
Caliber

Everyone who already moved to the back of Tonkii also noticed
the reason I stood still.
“Kirito!”

“Kirito-kun!”

Calling voices reached me. Still facing downward, I clenched my
teeth from the intense conflict.
These two choices —— embracing Excaliber like this and dieing
from the fall, or dropping it and surviving. Is it the coincidence that a
player is being tested for greed and obsession at the final five meters
distance? Is this also a trap by the Cardinal System......?
“Papa......”

A worried call from Yui on my head, I made a slight nod and reply,
“............Really......you Cardinal!”
I shouted with a bitter smile.

At the next moment, the sword in my right hand was thrown
aside.

Suddenly my body became so light it was as if it was a lie. The
rotating faint golden light moved toward the edge of my vision.

I made a light run, jumped, and changed my body orientation in
mid air. Excaliber was falling slowly, like a feather dropped from the
wing of a phoenix, into the immeasurable depth of the great hole.

On Tonkii’s back, once I had made a backward landing, it spread
all eight wings wide. Its speed slowed down. Tonkii, that had been
falling at the same pace as the rounded disc up until now, began
hovering, stopping its descent.

309

Sword Art Online Volume 8 – Early and Late
Caliber

Asuna came to me and tapped my shoulder.
“......Later, someday, we’ll take it back.”
“I’ll perfectly coordinate our journey!”
Yui continued right after Asuna.

“......Ah, that’s right. It’ll surely be waiting somewhere in Niflheimr.”

I muttered, as I said the farewell in my mind to the strongest
sword I certainly had held for a short time —— or so it seemed.

In order to prevent that, stepping in front of me, was the blue
haired Cait Sith.

Her left hand brought the big long bow down from her shoulder,
and her right hand paired it with a silvery thin arrow.
“——Two hundred meters, huh.”

She muttered, then quickly recited a spell. The arrow was
wrapped in a white light.

In front of us, who were stunned as we watched, the archer as
well as sniper Sinon casually drew the bow to its full extent.

About forty-five degrees below, on the other side was the falling
Excaliber, the arrow was released. It flew through the air, leaving a
strange silvery line. It was a bow user’s exclusive common spell
«Retrieve Arrow». The spell was convenient for pulling something the
hand couldn’t reach, however, it was used only for short distances
because the thread attached distorted the trajectory of the arrow, thus
lowering the homing value down to zero.

Finally understanding Sinon’s intention, I shouted in my mind “No
matter the cost.”

310

Sword Art Online Volume 8 – Early and Late
Caliber

It was not possible anyway. Two hundred meters was twice the
effective range of the bow made by Liz. No, even if it was within the
shooting range, she wasn’t in a condition to aim properly. Her footing
was unstable, the surrounding ice was falling, and her target was also
falling.
But —— but, but.

The falling golden light over there, and falling alongside it, the
silvery arrow seemed to be attracting each other as it moved closer,
closer............
Taan! Their collision caused a light sound.
“Alright!”

Sinon pulled the magic thread stretching out from her right hand
with all her might. The golden light decelerated, halted, then began to
rise. Rotating, and gradually approaching. The small golden light
started becoming longer and narrower, taking the shape of a sword.

Two seconds later, the legendary weapon which I had said
farewell to, had resided in Sinon’s palm.
“Uwa, heavy......”

Muttering as she held it in her hands, Cait Sith-sama then turned
around.
“““Si......Si......Si......”””

The voices of six people and Yui was in perfect synchronization.

“““Sinon-san, so cool——————!”””
311

Sword Art Online Volume 8 – Early and Late
Caliber

Sinon responded to our praise with a down and up motion using
her triangular ears —— as both her hands were holding the sword, she
looked at me and shrugged lightly.
“Here you are, there is no need to make that face.”

——I was apparently too careless, it was as if a big “I want that!”
was written on my forehead with a black magic pen. Sinon
inadvertently stared to the upper left while holding out the sword to
me, with a “Here” voice.

A faint déjà vu. About two weeks ago, in the event to decide the
strongest in GGO «Bullet of Bullets 3» battle royale tournament’s final
round, Sinon had made the very same action. What I received by reflex
back then was a one hit kill plasma grenade, Sinon and I stuck together
and both died from the bomb immediately after that, leading to the
conclusion of the match. People on the net had been trying to interpret
that last scene, but it was eerie so there was no further investigation.
But this time, surely the sword wouldn’t explode.

“T......Thank you.”

As I said thanks, I held out my hands to receive it —— but the
sword was pulled back.
“Before that, promise me one thing.”

Then the blue haired Cait Sith gave a bright smile, it was without
a doubt the highest class in ALO —— although with a destructive
power equal to ten plasma grenades hidden in it.

“——Every time you pull this sword out, make sure you always
think of me, alright?”
Bikki―n.

312

Sword Art Online Volume 8 – Early and Late
Caliber

313

Sword Art Online Volume 8 – Early and Late
Caliber

During the suddenly frozen atmosphere, the golden holy sword
«Excaliber» moved from Sinon’s hands to mine. But it was unbelievable,
I couldn’t feel its weight at all, instead I felt an imaginary chill and
sweat flowing down my back.
“O―o, it’s sure difficult for you, popular-bro.”

From right behind me, Klein said so without reading the
atmosphere, I stepped on his foot to make him silent, then said in the
calmest voice I could muster,
“......Yeah, I’ll keep that in mind, you have my thanks. Thank you,
that shot just now was magnificent.”
“You’re welcome.”

Sinon delivered the final blow with her wink, then turned around
and moved in the direction of Tonkii’s tail. She then took a stem of mint
from the quiver on the right of her waist and held it in her mouth, it
seemed to be her way of a quick rest. It was a cool action suiting the
live wire sniper, however, I didn’t miss noticing that the tip of her blue
tail was wriggling. That was the sign saying she was in laughter. I’ve
been had! As I groaned inside my mind, there was nothing I could do
about the stabbing glances from the group of girls around me.
But here, the one who gave me a life boat out of that situation was
unexpectedly Tonkii.
“Kuooo——n......”

It made a long cry, while its eight wings flapped powerfully and
started ascending. Looking up into the sky, it seemed the largest and
final spectacular scene of this quest was about to start.
314

Sword Art Online Volume 8 – Early and Late
Caliber

The whole Þrymheimr castle which had pierced deeply into the
center of the canopy in the underground world Jötunheimr finally
started falling.

While its lower section had already collapsed leaving no trace
behind, it still kept its whole form. The castle we could see from the
inverted pyramid up until now had hidden its same sized upper section.
In other words, it had the same form as the burial chamber in which
Excaliber was sealed in, a regular octahedral form.

It had a length of three hundred meters on each side. So, the
distance between the top and bottom apex equaled to 300×√2 or
424.26 meters. The height of the Tokyo Sky Tree’s special view lobby
was 450 meters, so the castle’s height was already approaching it. I
was glad the dungeon structure didn’t require us to climb up to the top
before we could descend to our destination.
While my mind went in circles around calculations and
speculations which didn’t matter any more, the great ice castle
continued to fall down while making a thunderous roar. The intensity
of the wind pressure we had to endure increased along with the
collapse. The numerous cracks, like the polar crevasse, spread up from
its lowest part, and over time, the few large pieces started to detach
from it.
“............That dungeon, gone after we had adventured in it just
once......”

Liz murmured quietly. Silica, who was next to her, hugged Pina
tightly and nodded in response.
“It’s a bit waste. There are a lot of rooms we haven’t explored
yet......”

315

Sword Art Online Volume 8 – Early and Late
Caliber

“The map completion rate is 37.2 percent.”

Was the supplement from Yui sitting on my head said in a
regretful voice.
“That’s luxury talk. ——But I had a lot of fun.”

With both hands on his waist, Klein nodded deeply. And, as if he
had noticed something, he turned around and said in a strange voice,

“......Hey Lyfa. How to say this, well......about Freyja, she really
exists as a real goddess-san right? Aside from that grandpa Þórr?”
“Yeah, that’s right.”

Lyfa nodded then smiled.

“O―, is that so. Well, I have a chance to meet her somewhere then.”
“......It might be.”

In ALO, Ásgarðr, the place where the æsir lived, didn’t exist, but
Lyfa was kind enough not to say so. When I thought up to this point, I
recalled what Þrym said before Þórr could stop him. It was certainly
about the æsir......what did he say though......

I tried to search my memory, but my thoughts were drowned out
by the loud agony of death of Þrymheimr castle, which had finally
completely collapsed.

As I cruised on Tonkii’s back, the falling groups of large ice lumps
looked like it was at a distance I could reach if i stretched my hand.
They were swallowed by the big hole directly below, vanishing into the
infinite darkness of the «Great Void»——
......No, it wasn’t like that.

316

Sword Art Online Volume 8 – Early and Late
Caliber

I could see a light from the bottom of the hole. Glittering blue and
waving, that flickering radiance was, yes, water, the surface of water.
Coming from deep beneath the Void which we thought had no bottom,
along with another loud sound, a large amount of water was rising in
the pit. The still falling ice sank into the surface then immediately
melted, becoming part of the water.
“Ah......above!”

Sinon said as her mouth still held the stem of mint while pointing
her right hand upward.

My sight followed her lead by reflex, once again, an unbelievable
scene happened before my eyes.

The roots of the world tree, which had withered back toward the
ceiling, had been released after the vanishing of Þrymheimr, they made
a big twist while growing in thickness, as if they were a living creatures.
They gathered together and rushed downward as if they were seeking
something. It was like a giant had thrown down a pile of wood. In front
of us who were watching wordlessly, the roots of world tree had
reached and sank down into the surface of the pure water of what was
once the Great Void, causing a big wave from it spread out. The mesh of
roots covered the wide surface of water immediately until its tips
reached the shore.
That scene had two things in common with the illusory scene
Queen Urðr had shown us. The world tree that had stopped its
movement had its roots, or rather its trunks extended from its gigantic
figure, I felt some kind of strong wave being emitted. It was a pure
delight, like a traveller who had wandered for a long time in the
intense heat of a desert finally putting his mouth in the oasis he had
arrived at.

317

Sword Art Online Volume 8 – Early and Late
Caliber

“Look......, the sprouts from the roots...”

I focused my eyes due to Asuna’s whisper, sure enough, from all
directions around the roots, small sprouts —— of course the sprouts
were as big as us, but they were small when compared to the giant tree
—— had shot up, and yellow-green leaves spread one after another.
The wind blew.

Unlike the bone freezing cold wind that had endlessly and
violently swept over Jötunheimr field up until now, it was a warm
spring breeze. At the same time, the intensity of the light in the entire
world had increased many fold. I looked up to the sky again, the group
of crystals which had been shining dimly were emitting strong white
light, each one of them was like a small sun.

The wind and sunlight stroked the ice covering the large field and
the thick ice covering small rivers, causing them to melt in succession.
Below them, new green leaves sprouted from the black and damp soil.
The castles and fortresses in various places that the humanoid evilgods had constructed were immediately covered in green and decayed
away——
“Kuooooo————n............”

Suddenly, Tonkii raised its eight wings, wide ears, and nose, then
released a loud howl.

Several seconds later, from various places on the field, Oo―n,
Kuooo―n echoes like those came back in reply. Appearing from various
fountains and rivers, and of course from the huge lake that the world
tree roots had spread over, were beings with manjū-like bodies and
long tentacles, the elephant-jellyfish type evil-gods. It wasn’t just that,
the many legs alligator type, the two-headed leopard type, many types

318

Sword Art Online Volume 8 – Early and Late
Caliber

of the beast evil-gods appeared endlessly on the ground and water’s
surface, and the field began to swagger.

No, on this beautiful green field, they were no longer «Evil-gods».
They were the peaceful dwellers in this breeze, greenery, and the
sunlight —— aside from their size. Those who were bullying them
harshly, the humanoid evil-gods couldn’t be found no matter where I
looked for them.

Tonkii had lowered its altitude a great deal before I had noticed,
visible here and there on the wilderness were small dots of raid parties
standing stunned. Looking at them, they might be wondering what had
happened. Having taken the quest from the NPC «Archduke Þjazi», and
right before they could attain the fruit of their long struggle, their giant
companions had disappeared and the field had completely changed, so
it was normal to be confused.
This was just what Klein had said after we heard about the quest
from Urðr, as we would have to explain in full details to the «MMO
Tomorrow» journalist who also served as the information shop for
those stunned raid party members; I’d be glad to entrust the duty to
him as he wished —— While I was thinking about those irresponsible
things, Lyfa suddenly sat down.

Stroking the free flowing white hair on Tonkii’s wide back, she
whispered,

“......It’s great. Really great, Tonkii. Look, so many of your friends.
Right there...... and also over there, so many............”

Seeing spilling drops of water on her cheeks, even a block head
like myself felt something well up in my chest. Immediately Silica
embraced Lyfa before starting to cry uncontrollably, Asuna and Liz also
319

Sword Art Online Volume 8 – Early and Late
Caliber

wiped their eyes. Folding his arms, Klein faced the other way to hide
his face, even Sinon repeatedly blinked many times.

Lastly, Yui took off my head and landed on Asuna shoulder before
burying her face in her hair. That girl doesn’t let me see her crying face
anymore, I wonder who she learned something like that from......
Then, at that moment. I heard a voice.

“I appreciate your excellent accomplishment.”
I turned my startled face to the front.

Over Tonkii’s big head, a figure wrapped in golden light was
floating.

It shouldn’t have been more than two hours, but I already felt it
was a nostalgic figure, it was, no doubt, the golden haired beauty with
the three meter tall body, who had gave us this quest, the «Queen of
the Lake Urðr».

However, she wasn’t transparent anymore, this time she clearly
had substance. So, she could come out from the fountain she was
forced to hide in order to escape Þrym’s hand. The pearly scales visible
on her limbs, the tip of her swaying fin shaped hair, along with the
light-green long dress covered her body, all glittered dazzlingly under
the sunlight.

The turquoise pupils gently narrowed, before Urðr opened her
lips again.

“By removing «The sword which cut all of steel and tree»
Excaliber, the «Spirit Roots» which had been severed from Yggdrasil

320

Sword Art Online Volume 8 – Early and Late
Caliber

could return to their original mother. With the blessings from the tree
filling the land once more, Jötunheimr had returned to what it once
was. For all these, Ye have my thanks.”

“No......well. For Þrym, without the help from Þórr, I don’t think we
could defeat him......”
Urðr nodded her head to what I said.

“I know the power of the Thunder God. However......be careful, Ye
Fairies. Even though those æsir are the enemy of the frost giants, they
would never be your ally......”

“Erm...... Þrym himself said the same thing, what does that
mean......?”

Lyfa asked after she stood up and wiped her tears. But the
Cardinal’s automatic response engine didn’t recognize that vague
question, while Urðr remained silent, her floating figure raised up a
little.

“——My sisters also would like to give you their appreciations.”

Together with her words, the right side of Urðr began to vibrate
like a water’s surface, then a figure appeared.

Its height was slightly shorter than the elder sister —— but even
so, from our perspective, we still had to look up to her. Her hair was of
the same gold color but a little shorter. Her long dress was deep blue.
Her face, if Urðr was «high class» then her face would be «elegance».

“My name is «Verðandi» 10. Thank you, the fairy warriors. Being
able to see the green Jötunheimr once again, Ah, this is like a dream......”
10

Verdandi or Verthandi, meaning “happening” or “present” in old Norse.

321

Sword Art Online Volume 8 – Early and Late
Caliber

As she whispered in a sweet voice, Verðandi softly waved her
right hand. At the same time, various items and Yurudo currency
roughly dropped in front of us before disappearing into our temporary
storage. Its capacity was suitable for the seven people party, however, I
felt it would reach its limit soon.
And in addition, a whirlwind occurred to the left of Urðr, and a
third silhouette came into view.

Contrasting Verðandi in appearance, it was a figure wearing
armor and a helmet. Stretching from both sides of the helmet and boots
were long wings. The golden hair was tied finely, the beautiful and
brave face shook to the side.

And on this third person, there was a surprising feature. She was
the size of a human, no, a fairy, about half as tall as her eldest sister
Urðr. Klein made a strange gulping sound from his throat.
“My name is «Skuld»! You have my thanks, warriors!”

She made a short exclamation in a cold and dignified voice, and
like her sister, held up her big hand. Once again, a waterfall of reward
items occurred. The message area on the right most of my vision finally
appeared the blinking ‘reaching full capacity’ warning.

As the two sisters stepped back, Urðr stepped forward once again.
If Urðr gave a similar amount of reward, there was no doubt the
storage would overflow. In that case, the remaining items would turn
into the arbitrary objects piled up on Tonkii’s back —— However, was
it good to say it was fortunate? Urðr smiled at me before began
speaking,
“——From me, I would be bestowing that sword upon you. But,
never throw it into «Urðr’s Spring».”

322

Sword Art Online Volume 8 – Early and Late
Caliber

“Y-Yes, I won’t.”

As I nodded like a child——

The golden long sword I had held tight in both hands, the
legendary weapon «Holy Sword Excaliber»‘s shape had disappeared. Of
course, it was put into my personal storage. At this point I wanted to
shout “I got it!!!!!” but as I was no longer a kid, please forgive me for
only grasping my right hand in that moment.
The three maidens floated up a little and said in unison.
“Thank you, Fairies. Let us meet again.”

At the same time, in the center of my vision, a system message in
an elaborated font appeared. As the ‘Quest Cleared’ message faded, the
three bodies began to leave.
Klein suddenly jumped in front and shouted,
“S, S-S-Skuld-san! Your contact address!”
————You, what about Freyja-san!?

————and how is an NPC supposed to have a mail address!?
As I was standing upright, considering which one I should say to
him——
Which one should I say?

The two sisters had already disappeared distantly, but the sister
of the future Skuld-san turned around, it may have been my
imagination, but I saw her make an amused expression, then waved
her hand again. Something glittering flowed through the air and
dropped into Klein’s hand.
323

Sword Art Online Volume 8 – Early and Late
Caliber

Immediately after that, the goddess of war also vanished, leaving
just silence and a gentle breeze.
Before long, Lisbeth shook her head slightly before whispering,

“Klein. Now you have my respect from the bottom of my heart.”
Agreed. Really, I completely agreed.
Anyway——

Our sudden adventure on the morning of 28th December 2025
concluded like this around noon.
“......Well, how about the year-end party after this?”

As I proposed; Asuna, even though looked a little tired, smiled
and said,
“I agree.”

“I agree too!”

From her shoulder, Yui raised her right hand up straight.

324

Sword Art Online Volume 8 – Early and Late
Caliber

Chapter 6
I was a little worried as I decided whether to hold the unexpected
year-end party in the room Asuna and I shared in Yggdrasil City, or to
gather in the real world.

If it was in ALO, Yui, who played an active role in this quest,
would be able to fully participate in the party. But Asuna had to go to
Kyoto to visit the head house on her father’s side for a week, starting
from the 29th, so if we missed meeting today, I wouldn’t have another
chance to meet her until after the year ends.

As Yui, my daughter, said “Real!” after I asked for her opinion, the
year-end party would be held from 3:00PM at the café in the Taito
district of Okachimachi, the «Dicey Café». We waved farewell to Tonkii
after it sent us back up to the tree stairs, and once we reached the
central capital Aarun, which was still crowded, like before the quest —
— even though when Þrymheimr started ascending it caused some
slight vibration —— there, we logged out.

The first thing I did after opening my eyes on my bed in the real
world was to call Agil to make a reservation, and although he
complained “Suddenly asking like this, I won’t have time to prepare the
special ingredients.”, but by the time we arrived, there would be plenty
of the shop’s special menu’s ‘spare ribs’ and ‘baked beans’, he was such
an ideal businessman.
The weather forecast said there would be snow in the evening, so
Suguha and I had to use the train to reach the interior of Tokyo instead

325

Sword Art Online Volume 8 – Early and Late
Caliber

of my bike. Also, this time we had luggage which were quite large, and
it wouldn’t fit in my clunky 125cc’s narrow helmet compartment
anyway.

Speaking of Kawagoe city in the Saitama prefecture, to Klein who
lived in Tokyo, he would make a face as if it were located at the edge of
the world, but it didn’t even take an hour on the Tojo express line to
reach Okachimachi. It was past 2PM when we opened the door of Dicey
Café, and only Sinon, who had arrived earlier due to her house being
extremely nearby, was there.
After I greeted the shopkeeper who was busy preparing food, I
opened the hard case I brought. It contained four cameras with
movable lenses, and a notebook PC for controlling them.
“......What are these?”

Frowning, Sinon asked, while Suguha helped to install the
cameras at the four corners of the shop. They were the mass market
web cameras with built-in microphones, but I had remodeled them to
have high capacity battery and wireless connection, these four were
enough to fully cover the entire room without having to worry about
the location of each camera.
Once the cameras were recognized by the notebook PC, I
confirmed their movements, then connected them to the high spec
stationary machine in my house in Kawagoe. I put on the small head
set, then spoke,
“How’s it, Yui?”

『......I can see. I can see clearly, and I hear you, Papa!』

The lovely voice of Yui resounded from both my earphones and
the PC speaker.

326

Sword Art Online Volume 8 – Early and Late
Caliber

“OK, try moving slowly first.”

『Yes!』

After her reply, the small diameter lens of the closest camera
started moving.

Currently Yui should be flying like a little fairy in the pseudo-3D
reflection of the Dicey Café. Although the image quality was low and
the response time was also bad, she would have much more freedom
compared to the passive image from the mobile terminal’s camera up
until now.
“......I see, so those cameras and microphones are like Yui’s
terminal’s...... sensory organs, right?”
I said nothing to Sinon’s words, while Suguha nodded,

“Yeah. Onii-chan learned that at school, mecha...... mechatoni......”
“Mechatronics.”, that, was me.

“You take that nics course and made these stuff, all just for Yuichan, right?”
『It was an order from me!』

Ahaha, three people laughed together while sipping their usual
hot ginger ale.
“I-It wasn’t just that! Once the camera is more compact, I can
attach it to my shoulder or head and bring it anywhere with me......”
“Isn’t that also for Yui?”

Really, there was no way I could object to that.
327

Sword Art Online Volume 8 – Early and Late
Caliber

However, this temporarily named «Audio-visual two-way
communication probe» system was still far from complete. In order for
Yui to be able to realize the real world like the virtual world, the
automatic movement function of the terminal camera and
microphones was a requirement, and the sensors were also not enough.
Ideally speaking, it would be best to use a self-propelled human type.
Of course I couldn’t make it using the equipment from high school, is
there any aggressive mechanics-san somewhere out there making a
beautiful girl robot......?
While my honest delusion unfolded; Asuna, Klein, Liz, and Silica
assembled in that order, while food and drinks were lined up on the
two tables which were stuck together. When Agil brought out the spare
ribs served on big shining plates, all the members clapped at the
shopkeeper. He then took off his apron and sat down, and both nonalcoholic and real champagne were poured into glasses——
“Congratulations for obtaining the «Holy Sword Excaliber» and
«Thunder Hammer Mjölnir»! Thanks for the good work in 2025! ——
Cheers!”
Everyone said in a big chorus after my lead.

“...... Anyway,”

Sinon, who sat on my right, murmured after around one and a
half hours, when the feast on the table was almost settled.
“Why was it «Excaliber»?”

“Heh? What do you mean?”
328

Sword Art Online Volume 8 – Early and Late
Caliber

As I tilted my head trying to understand what her question meant,
Sinon supplemented while spinning the fork skillfully at the tip of her
finger.

“Normally...... it usually «calibur» in other fantasy novels or manga,
right? As in, «Excalibur».”
“A......Ahh, is that so?”

“Heh, Sinon-san also read those kinds of novels?”

Suguha, who was on the opposite side, asked. Sinon made an
awkward smile before replying,

“I was head librarian during middle school. I had read several
books about the legend of the King Arthur, I have the feeling that they
all used «calibur».”

“Hmmm, maybe it is another thing which was set on the whims of
the ALO item set designer......?”
I made an emotionless response, and Asuna who sat on my left
made a bitter smile and said,

“It’s certainly based on the legend, just like the fake reward from
the earlier quest, wasn’t «Caliburn» also one of them?”

Then, a clear voice of Yui replied from the speakers atop the table.
『The main ones are «Caledfwlch», «Caliburnus», «Calibor»,

«Collbrande», «Caliburn», «Escalibor», and more.』
“Uwa, so many...”

329

Sword Art Online Volume 8 – Early and Late
Caliber

I was amazed, while I was thinking «calibur» and «caliber»
seemed to be a mistake, Sinon continued, 11

“Well, it might not be a big deal...... but when saying «caliber», I’m
a bit anxious because I’ve heard of its other meaning.”
“Heh, what is it?”

“A gun’s barrel diameter, written as «caliber» in English, for
example, my Hecate II’s 50 barrel diameter is called «fifty caliber». I
realized this after seeing the difference in Excaliber’s spelling.”

Sinon closed her mouth for a moment, then glanced at me before
continuing,
“......Then, it turned out to also have another meaning, «A man’s
capacity». «A man of high caliber» means «A man who has high
capacity» or «A man with high capability».”
“Hehh―, I need to remember that......”

Suguha said in admiration, Sinon then said, “Perhaps it won’t
come out in the exams though.” and smiled.

Then, I didn’t know when she heard about it, but Lisbeth on the
opposite side of the table grinned and said,

“That means we can’t call the Excaliber owner a cheapskate. And I
heard a rumor, that recently a certain someone did a part-time job and
earned quite a bit...―”
“Uu............”

The latter was written キャリバー (kyaribaa) which was used throughout the entire
SAO series as the strongest sword in ALO as well as this arc’s title, the first one was written カリ
バー (karibaa) just like in King Arthur’s sword Excalibur, even native Japanese could be
confused with the two thus what they are discussing in this chapter.
11

330

Sword Art Online Volume 8 – Early and Late
Caliber

It was just yesterday that Kikuoka from the Ministry of Internal
Affairs and Communications had deposited the cost for assisting in the
investigation of the «Death Gun Incident». But it was already spent on
various upgrading of parts of Yui’s stationary machine —— then
Suguha’s nanocarbon shinai —— was also already pre-ordered, so the
balance was immediately in a desolate state.

But I couldn’t pull back here right after I heard about caliber. I
slapped my chest before declaring,

“O-Of course, I’ve decided from the start that today’s party is my
treat.”

Right after that, the loud sound of applause came from all
directions, along with Klein’s whistle.

As I raised my hand in response, I started thinking in my mind,

If I learnt anything about the human’s capability through the
experience from the three worlds: SAO, ALO, GGO, it would be just one,
«Nothing can be shouldered alone».

No matter in which world, there were many times I was about to
be crushed, but somehow managed to continue walking forward with
the help of many people. The development of today’s sudden
adventure was also a sign of it, wasn’t it?

So surely, my —— no, everyone’s «caliber» was the point inside
the full circle made by all my companions holding hands together.
That golden sword was to never be used for my personal gain.

While I decided that in my mind, in order to toast with everyone
again, I reached my hand toward the glass on the table.
331

Sword Art Online Volume 8 – Early and Late
Caliber

(END)
332

Sword Art Online Volume 8 – Early and Late
First Day

First Day

333

Sword Art Online Volume 8 – Early and Late
First Day

Death game.

It was not a phrase with a precise definition. If it were to be
considered as a «match involving bodily risks», that would include
martial arts, rock climbing and such, even to the extent of motor sports.
What separates those dangerous sports with death games is probably
just a single condition.
That the penalty of death, is clearly stated in the rules.

Not as the result of an accidental incident. A coerced death,
served as the consequence of the player’s mistakes and defeat, or
punishment for the violation of rules and other reasons. In short,
murder.

With this premise established, the VRMMORPG which became the
world’s first, «Sword Art Online», had now unmistakably become a
death game. The game’s developer, and as such, the ruler, Kayaba
Akihiko, had personally made that clear declaration without the
slightest hint of doubt, a mere twenty minutes ago.

That if the HP were to reach zero—that is, on «defeat», they
would be killed. Or if the Nerve Gear were to be removed—that is, to
«violate the rules», they would also be killed.
It didn’t feel real. Not that it should. Countless suspicions still
swirled about my mind, even now.

334

Sword Art Online Volume 8 – Early and Late
First Day

—Is something like that possible? After all, it merely used «a game
machine fit for households», the Nerve Gear; could it have the ability to
destroy the cerebrum of human beings?
—In the first place, why do something like this? Holding players
hostage in a virtual world, if a ransom was at stake, then it would still
make sense. However, putting the lives of players at stake for the clearing
of the game, that would serve absolutely no tangible benefit for Kayaba.
On the contrary, it would make him lose all the reputation he had as a
game designer and quantum physicist, degrading him into the worst
criminal recorded in history.
I don’t get it. I can’t make any reasonable sense of it.
But at the same time, my instincts understand.

Kayaba’s proclamation was completely true. The nature of the
stage where SAO takes place, the Floating Castle Aincrad, had changed
from a parallel world overflowing with passion and excitement, into a
cage of death trapping ten thousand people within. The words uttered
by Kayaba at the end of his tutorial earlier—[This situation itself, was
my final purpose]; that phrase was likely his absolute true intentions.
That outrageous genius had, merely for the sake of realizing this death
game, created SAO... and thus, the Nerve Gear.

Due to that belief, I—the level 1 swordsman, Kirito, am presently
running with my life at stake.

All by myself, in the middle of the vast grasslands. Abandoning
the first friend I made in this world.
All to keep my own self alive.

335

Sword Art Online Volume 8 – Early and Late
First Day

The Floating Castle Aincrad is formed by floors, reaching up to a
hundred, narrowly piled atop each other.

In order for the lower portion to be as wide as the top portion
was constricted, the entire castle took the shape of a cone. The
diameter of the thus widest first floor amounted to up to ten
kilometers. The «main city area», in other words, the largest city of the
first floor, «Starting City», reached out in a semi-circle with a diameter
of one kilometer on the southern tip of the floor.
Tall castle walls had been built up along the edges of the city,
reducing the chances of monsters invading to an absolute zero. Also,
the insides of the city was guarded by the «Anti-Criminal Code»,
making it impossible for the HP, that became the actual amount of life
they had remaining, of players to fall by even a single pixel. To put it in
other words, if one were to stay within the Starting City, their safety
would be ensured, eliminating the chance of death.

However, I decided to exit the city right about the instant Kayaba
Akihito ended that initial tutorial.

There were several reasons. The lack of confidence in the «Code»
continuing forever. The desire to avoid the discord and mistrust that
would surely be born between players. And also, the tenacity to level
up of an MMO gamer, ingrained in my very core.

This might be some sort of fate; I do have a considerable liking for
death game themes in fiction, and had gone through many novels,
comics, movies and such from all over. Of course, the games I had tend
to cover a large variety of themes, but I believe it to be a common
theory existing within them.

In regards to death games, it was always a trade-off between
«safety» and «overcome». If the starting location is a safe area, there

336

Sword Art Online Volume 8 – Early and Late
First Day

would be no danger to one’s life if one were to remain there. But if one
were to shrink away from danger before even trying to brave through
it, it would become impossible to overcome the situation.
Of course, there was no way I had any heroic aspirations of
cutting down those hundred boss monsters with my own sword, so as
to clear this game. However, within the ten thousand players
imprisoned, the portion of them possessing that mentality was
probably not limited to only a small amount—there should be a
thousand such people at the very least. Sooner or later, they would get
out from the city, hunt down the weak monsters around the area, and
begin to earn experience points, whether as solo or group players.
Increasing their levels, upgrading their equipment, getting stronger.
And with that, the second theory.

In a death game, what opposes players is not simply restricted to
rules, traps, and monsters. They would acquire players, just like them,
as enemies as well. I am unaware of any death games that did not turn
out so.

In this SAO, outside of towns, in other words, when «outside the
boundary», PK is possible. That said, although it is unlikely for them to
go to the extent of murder—that would result in them becoming a true
murderer, after all—resorting to threatening others with weapons to
steal away items; I do not have the confidence to say that not a single
such being would exist, unfortunately. Just by imagining the possibility
of some certain person with stats overwhelming my own becoming my
enemy results in tangible fear and terror, leaving a bitter taste in my
mouth.
And based on those reasons—

337

Sword Art Online Volume 8 – Early and Late
First Day

The choice of staying in the Starting City, abandoning the
strengthening of myself for safety, offered no advantage to me.

Thus, if I were to aim to level up, there was no time to stand
around idly. The relatively safe grassy fields around the city would
likely soon be filled with «those who decided to move forth», like me.
The monsters POP of SAO was fixed to a certain amount within a
certain time frame for each area. After the initial targets were hunted
down, it would become a frenzy to search for the next POP, and from
then, it would likely become unavoidable to steal them from others at
times.
To avoid that, for the purpose of having an effective rate of
leveling, it is necessary to aim for beyond «relatively safe»—the
«slightly dangerous» area.

Of course, in a game where one had just started, not having any
sense of direction, that would be a suicidal act. However, due to a
certain reason, I am familiar with many things, if restricted to only the
lower floors, the topography, even the monsters that appear, in this
game, SAO, which had just started official service today.

Exiting from the northwest gate of the Starting City, cutting
straight through the vast grasslands, after escaping from a path similar
to a maze within the deep forest, there is a village named, «Horunka».
It may be small, but it certainly had an inn, a weapon shop and a tool
shop «within the boundary», making it sufficient to serve as a hunting
base. In the surrounding forest, there is no POP of monsters with the
dangerous paralysis, poison, or equipment destroying skills, so it
would be unlikely to die by accident, even with solo play.

With the village of Horunka as my base, I will get my level from 1
to 5 throughout today. The current time was six o’clock, fifteen minutes

338

Sword Art Online Volume 8 – Early and Late
First Day

in the afternoon. The surrounding grasslands were dyed golden in the
setting sun from the outer circumference of Aincrad, and the forest
seen across was sunk into a pale blue by the dusk. But luckily, even at
night, strong monsters would not spawn around Horunka. If I
continued hunting without stop until the next change of day, I would
probably be able to gain enough stats and equipment to head for the
next location before the village is filled with other players.

“...Selfishness is a good point too, huh... I’m the very image of a
solo player, geez...”

As I ran with all my might, that was what I first whispered out as I
went out of the city.

If I did not say that out in a joking tone, fear and that other
bitterness—self-hatred, threatening to force itself out from my mouth,
would have no chance of being erased.

If only that well-natured cutlass user was by my side. Aiding with
his leveling up, in addition to ensuring his survival; that moral action
would probably be able to overwrite some of these feelings of guilt.

But I have deserted my only friend in this world, the one named
Klein, at the Starting City. To be accurate, when I invited him to head
towards Horunka together, Klein mentioned that he could not leave
behind the comrades who were in the same guild as him in a previous
game.

Then let’s go with them too, that proposal might have been
possible too. However, I did not suggest it. Unlike the grasslands where
only wild boars or caterpillars that could be easily defeated, even at
level 1, appeared, the forest beyond had somewhat dangerous types of
monsters spawning, such as poisonous bees and predatory plants. If
the wrong response was made towards those special attacks, it would

339

Sword Art Online Volume 8 – Early and Late
First Day

cause the HP to drop to zero in a flash... in other words, one might even
end up dying.

The chances of Klein’s friends ending up dead, no, the gaze Klein
would give me the moment that happens; that was what I was afraid of.
I didn’t wish to have any unpleasant thoughts, I didn’t want to be hurt;
with that belief and nothing else in my mind, I abandoned the one who
called out to me, and invited me to play as a party for the first time in
this world...
“...!!”

Emotions of disgust, unable to be covered up by even my selftorturing monologue, swelled up from the bottom of my mind, and I
gritted my teeth, forcing my right hand onto the sword equipped onto
my back.

In a clump of bushes slightly ahead, a single blue wild boar POPed. They were non-aggressive monsters, so I planned to ignore them all
until I got through the grasslands, but out of impulse, I unsheathed the
simple straight sword from my initial equipment, starting the motion
for the single hit sword skill, «Slant».
Reacting to being targeted, the wild boar glared at me, and
violently scratched the ground with its right foreleg. The motion for a
charge attack. If I were to falter here, stopping my skill, I will end up
receiving a large amount of damage instead. With mixed feelings of
calmness and irritation towards myself, I stared at the monster, letting
loose my skill while aiming at its weak point, the back of its head.

The sword blade faintly glowed light blue, and along with a sharp
sound effect, my virtual body moved, half by its own accord. The
system assist, unique to sword skills, was forcibly correcting the
slashing motion. While taking care not to go against the movement, I

340

Sword Art Online Volume 8 – Early and Late
First Day

intentionally accelerated my leg and right arm, increasing the power of
the skill. Merely for the sake of mastering this skill, I once spent close
to ten days using the skill for empty attacks on the practice dummies in
the town.

The stats of a level 1 along with the specifications of the initial
equipment was obviously extremely weak, but still, if a boosted «Slant»
were to deal a critical hit at the weak point of the blue wild boar—its
official name, «Frenzy Boar», the HP reduced in a single hit would be
just a little more than what it has. The slash that I released head-on hit
the mane area of the wild boar that came charging in, returning a
strong recoil, and the beast with a total length of around a meter,
twenty centimeters was sent flying towards the back violently.
“Giiiiiii!”

Screaming as it bounced off the ground, it stopped in the air
unnaturally. *Bashaa!* An intense sound effect, along with a light effect.
Within the blue light, the wild boar turned into thousands of polygon
fragments, before blowing up.
I did not even spare a look at the indication of the experience
points added, or the dropped material items; on the contrary, without
even stopping my feet, I walked right through the drifting light effect. I
did not feel even a fraction more refreshed. Plunging the sword into
the scabbard on my back with vigor, I faced the dark forest I was finally
nearing, I continued running at the speed limit allowed by my agility
stat.
Nevertheless, I had to take caution in the forest to avoid the
reaction radius of the monsters about, but I still ran through the path
341

Sword Art Online Volume 8 – Early and Late
First Day

as fast as I could and reached my destination, «Horunka Village», right
before the setting sun went down.

I quickly surveyed the village of ten buildings, inclusive of both
private houses and shops, from its entrance. The color cursors floating
in my vision were all tagged as NPCs. It seems that I am the first to
arrive, but thinking about it, that was only to be expected. After all, I
did dash off at full speed with barely any conversation the moment
Kayaba’s tutorial ended.

First would be to head for the weapon shop facing the narrow
plaza. Before the start of the tutorial—that is, at the time SAO was still
a normal game, I hunted down several monsters along with Klein, so
there were a number of raw material items saved up in my storage. I
had no desire to increase my manufacturing-type skills, so I would just
sell them off to the shopkeeper NPC. Using nearly all of my gold, which
had just recently increased, I bought a brown leather half coat with
decently high defense.

I touched the instant equip button displayed when I purchased it
without any hint of hesitation. Above the white linen shirt and thick
grey cloth vest that were my initial equipment, a leather piece of
equipment that gave off a feeling of durability came to be while
releasing light. I caught my breath for a bit, dwelling in the slightly
increased sense of stability, then glanced at the large full-length mirror
installed onto the weapon shop’s wall.
“...It’s... me...”

I unconsciously muttered so, and the elderly shopkeeper
polishing a dagger’s scabbard at the counter raised his eyebrows,
before returning to work straight away.
342

Sword Art Online Volume 8 – Early and Late
First Day

The avatar reflected in the mirror, aside from the height and
gender, was one extremely far away from the «Kirito» that I went to
great pains to create.

The body was thin and slender, without a trace of masculinity in
the facial features. Long black forelocks hung down, the eyes too, were
black, or darker than that. An appearance just like mine in reality,
reproduced with an astonishing level of detail—

Just by imagining this avatar, like what the previous Kirito had on,
equipping dazzling metal armor, a vehement reaction of denial surged
through my entire body. Luckily, in SAO, even with lightweight leather
equipment, speed-type one-handed sword users were able to gain
sufficient defence. Of course, they were unable to become tanks, the
ones able to pull monsters’ attention to their own selves, but there was
no need for a tank-type build for a solo player.
From now on, I shall stick to leather equipment as far as the
situation allows it. Not to mention those as plain-looking as possible.

Deciding thus in my mind, I left the weapon shop. The only thing
that improved was the Leather Coat, with the Buckler set aside for now,
and my weapon still remained as the initial sword. Rushing into the
tool shop next door, I bought as many recovery and antidote potions as
I could, turning the money in my possession to an absolute zero.

There was a reason behind why I did not get my weapon replaced.
The one and only one-handed straight sword sold in the weapon shop
of this village, «Bronze Sword», had more power than the initial
equipment, «Small Sword», but its durability easily drops, and it was
weak against the corrosion liquid fired by plant monsters too. If one
were to go against them frequently, staying with the Small Sword was a
better idea. But even saying so, it’s not like I could not stay with the
343

Sword Art Online Volume 8 – Early and Late
First Day

weak initial sword forever. Leaving the tool shop, I flew into a private
house deeper in the village with a dash.

Stirring a pot in the kitchen, an NPC that truly gave off the feel of a
«village missus» turned and talked while looking at me.
“Good evening, journeying swordsman. You must be tired, I do
wish to offer you some food, but I do not have any at the moment. All I
can give, is a single cup of water or so.”

Without missing a beat, I answered with clear enunciation, for the
system to be able to recognize it.
“That will be fine.”

Actually, just “That’s fine” or “Yes” would be enough, but these
things were for setting the mood. However, if I were to say the even
more polite phrase, “Don’t mind me”, nothing would happen.

The NPC poured water into an old-looking cup from a water jug,
and set it down on the table before me with a clunk. Sitting on the chair,
I drank that down in a gulp.
With a slight smile, the missus turned back towards the pot.
Despite something simmering, «not giving any food» was meant to be a
slight hint. Upon waiting further, the steady sound of a child’s coughing
could soon be heard from the other side of the door to the next room.
The missus’s shoulders appeared to have fallen with despair.
After having waited for another few seconds, a golden question
mark finally lit up above the lady’s head. The sign of a quest’s
activation. I called out without a moment’s delay.
“Is something troubling you?”

344

Sword Art Online Volume 8 – Early and Late
First Day

It was one of many possible phrases, of those used to accept
quests from NPCs. Softly turning to face me, the «?» mark atop the
missus’s head blinked constantly.
“Actually, journeying swordsman, my daughter...”

—And her daughter was stricken with a severe illness that was
completely unfazed even when given medicine from the market (this
was inside the pot) and there was no other way to cure her daughter
aside from making her drink medicine gotten from the ovules of
predatory plants inhabiting the forest further to the west with the
problem being that plants of that particular type were extremely
dangerous and on top of that those which actually bloom were rarely
seen resulting in her complete inability to obtain any hence if only a
swordsman was able fetch it in her stead to whom she will gladly offer
a long sword handed down in her family as an expression of gratitude.
Which was the general synopsis of the missus’s speech that she
gave while gesturing, as I listened on patiently. The quest would not
progress if not heard to the end, and I was unable to bring myself to
harden my heart against the sporadic dry coughs of her daughter
during her story.

The missus finally closed her mouth, and the tasks on the quest
log display on the left of my vision were refreshed. I got up, and while
crying out, “Please leave it to me!”—a line that there was no need for,
but it’s to set the mood—I rushed out of the house.
Immediately following that, the time bell melody played
throughout the town from the small watchtower in the middle of the
plaza. Evening, seven o’clock.

Just how was the condition of the real world now? There was no
doubt that a huge uproar had occurred. Beside me, lying down on my

345

Sword Art Online Volume 8 – Early and Late
First Day

bed in my room with the Nerve Gear on my head, my mother or sister,
or perhaps both of their figures were probably there.
I wonder just what are they feeling right now. Shock? Doubt?
Fear? Or maybe grief...?

However, the fact that I am still living here, within Aincrad, is
proof that my mother and sister have not forcibly torn off my Nerve
Gear. In other words, they probably do believe in it. In Kayaba Akihito’s
warning—and that I would return alive.

In order to live through this death game and return, there is no
choice but for someone to break through to the top floor of this
Floating Castle Aincrad that roughly reaches up to a hundred levels
and defeat that monstrous last boss of a form that I can’t even begin to
imagine about, to clear the game.
Of course, I don’t even have a single thought of achieving that
deed myself. What I should be doing, no, the one and only thing I am
capable of: to struggle for my life with all my might, that’s all there is.
First of all, to become strong. At the very least, on this floor,
regardless of the type and numbers of monsters coming at me... or
perhaps to the extent where I am able to protect my own life even
when a malicious player assaults me. I can think about anything
beyond that when I reach there.

“...Sorry, mother. For making you worry... Sorry, Sugu. For having
something like this happen through those VR games you hate...”

The words that unintentionally sprang from my lips caused me
slight surprise. The last time I called out my sister’s name in short-form
was three years ago, or maybe even longer than that.
346

Sword Art Online Volume 8 – Early and Late
First Day

If—If I were to live on and return, I’ll face her directly and call her
«Sugu» once more.

Deciding so meaninglessly, I passed through the village’s gate,
striding towards the forest covered in the ominous night.

There is no sky within Aincrad; all that was in its place, was just
the bottom of the next floor stretching out a hundred meters overhead,
hence the only times when the Sun could be seen directly was
restricted to the mornings and evenings. Of course, the Moon follows
suit.
Even then, it’s not like daytime is dim with the night pitch black,
area lighting is applied like other usual VR spaces, ensuring ample
gamma exists. Even in the forest at night, while obviously not to the
level of day, a pale blue light illuminates all the way to one’s feet,
posing no inconvenience even while running.

That may be true, but the gloominess in one’s heart is another
matter all together. Regardless of how much attention is paid to one’s
surroundings, the anxiety that something could be right behind still
floats up every so often. It was only at times like this that I start to miss
the sense of security from playing as a party, but I was beyond the
point of no return. Both in terms of distance, as well as what the
system dictated.

The number of «skill slots» allocated to a level 1 player was a
mere two.

To one of those sides, I filled it up with «one hand sword» straight
after the start of the game at one o’clock in the afternoon today, with
plans to think hard on what to put in for the other empty slot. However,
347

Sword Art Online Volume 8 – Early and Late
First Day

after experiencing that nightmarish tutorial and leaving behind the
Starting City, the chance to mess around with skills has been robbed
from me.

For solo players, there exist several indispensable skills. The ones
most important among those are «Searching» and «Hiding». Each of
those two are able to raise the rate of survival, but the former is also
able to contribute to increasing the efficiency of hunting, while the
latter has its efficiency falling faintly in this forest, due to a certain
reason. As such, I chose the searching skill, deciding to add the hiding
skill on my next slot increment.
That said, those skills were not emphasised upon as much, for
what already has a high chance of safety, using manpower—that is, by
spreading out the searching range through sight while playing as a
party. In other words, the moment I took up «searching», I have
already lost all paths except to rush straight through that of a solo
player. A time when this decision haunts me might come sooner or
later, but at the very least, it wouldn’t right now...
Within my vision, as I walked while thinking of such things in a
corner of my mind, a small color cursor was displayed. The reaction
range was enlarged due to the searching skill, hence I was still unable
to confirm it by sight. The cursor was of the red denoting a monster,
but it had a slightly dark tint, perhaps closer to magenta, rather than
red.

This reddish shade could be used to loosely determine the
relative strength of the enemy. The cursors of the monsters that one
cannot defeat regardless of how much one struggles, with an
overwhelming gap in levels, is a dark crimson, more intense than blood.
Most of those weak monsters, from which barely any experience points
348

Sword Art Online Volume 8 – Early and Late
First Day

can be gained no matter how many one kills, are a light pink, close to
white. Fair enemies of equal levels are shown as pure red.

Currently, the cursor appearing within my vision is a red, slightly
more intense than average. The name of the monster is «Little Nepent».
Despite having little attached to its name, it is a walking predatory
plant with a stature of a meter and a half. It was level 3, hence the
cursor seen by the level 1 me was colored in purple.

Although it was not an opponent that can be made light of, there
was no need for fear either. That is due to the narrow yellow border
surrounding the cursor. Showing that it is the target mob for a quest.

I stopped walking for a moment, and after confirming the lack of
other mobs around, I turned to the Little Nepent once again and
dashed straight on. Rear attacks are rarely effective on monsters
without eyes, such as this.

Separating from the small path, I circled around a grand, old tree
and its form entered my sight.
On its lower body that brings the Nepenthes species to mind,
countless roots were writhing about as it used them to move. Vines,
with pointed leaves attached, twined about at its side and it had a
«mouth» for consumption of prey close to where its head should be,
dribbling a viscous liquid as it snapped open and shut.
“...A miss.”

Having seen that much, I murmured softly. Occasionally, one with
a large flower blooming atop its mouth would appear. The key item
need for the quest received at Horunka Village, «Little Nepent’s Ovule»,
drops from none other than a Nepent with that flower attached. And
the rate of one with the flower appearing is likely less than one percent.
349

Sword Art Online Volume 8 – Early and Late
First Day

However, even if they are normal Nepents, as long as one
continues defeating them, the appearance rate of one with a flower will
increase. As such, engaging it in battle is not a waste, but there is an
important point that one cannot ignore.

That at a rate similar to one with a flower, a type of Nepent with a
round fruit attached might appear. That one could be said to be a
«trap»; if the fruit is attacked in the midst of battle, it will break off
with a deafening sound, letting out fumes with an unpleasant smell.
The fumes possess neither poison nor corrosive properties, but it has
the extremely troublesome special trait of calling together its fellow
Nepents from the surroundings. Not many would be called if the POP of
the area was running low, but with the current circumstances, an
obviously immeasurable amount would be gathered together.

I focused my eyes again, and upon confirming the lack of the fruit
on the enemy, I pulled out the sword on my back once more. The
Nepent noticed me at the same time, raising its two vines up high
threateningly.

The attack patterns for this mob are to use the pointed edge of its
ivy to slash and stab, like a dagger, and expelling corrosive fluids from
its mouth. It had much more variety compared to the blue wild boar
that merely charged recklessly, but as it does not use sword skills, it
could be said to be easier than demi-human mobs such as Kobolds and
Goblins.

And above all, its ability leans a fair amount towards the offensive
side, with its defense weak. Even in «the previous Aincrad», I was fond
of these sorts of monsters. After all, as long as you don’t receive any of
the attacks, it is possible to take down several of them within a short
time.
350

Sword Art Online Volume 8 – Early and Late
First Day

“Shuuuuu!”

And with that howl spilling out from its prey-trapping mechanism
of a mouth, the Nepent thrust its right vine towards me. Reading its
trajectory in an instant, I jumped towards the left to dodge it. Turning
towards its side in the same motion, I drove my sword into the part
joining the pitcher portion and its thick stalk—its weak point.
It was a fitting counter. The Nepent’s HP bar slumped down, with
more than a twenty percent decrease.

Letting out a voice of anger once again, the plant inflated its
pitcher. The preparation motion for the firing of the corrosive fluids.
The range was as long as five meters, it’s not possible to dodge it even
when retreating straight behind.

Apart from the damaged HP and a drastic drop in equipment
durability, thanks to its viscosity, the player’s movement will also be
obstructed. However, the effect is limited to a narrow range of 30
degrees ahead. After determining the timing to do so until the very last
moment, the instant the expansion of the pitcher portion of its body
stopped, I jumped with all my might towards the right this time.

A pale green fluid shot out in a spray with a *Bushuu!*, forming a
white vapor as it fell onto the ground. But having avoided getting even
a single drop showered on me, I touched down onto the ground with
my right foot and brandished my sword, dealing a hard blow at the
same weak point once again. Along with a scream, the Nepent’s preytrapping mechanism bent backwards as a yellow light effect circled
around it. A stunned status. It might be strange for a plant to get
stunned, but there was no way I could let this chance slip.

351

Sword Art Online Volume 8 – Early and Late
First Day

Once again, I strongly pulled my sword towards the right. With
that movement done in an instant, the sword skill activated, engulfing
the blade in a faint, pale blue light.
“...Raa!”

In this battle—or perhaps for the first time since the start of
SAO’s official service, a yell welled out of me, and I violently kicked off
from the ground. The single-hit, horizontal offensive technique to the
neck, «Horizontal». The only thing about it different from «Slant», is
whether it’s slanted or horizontal, but this way made it easier to aim
for the Little Nepent’s weak point.

Right before the plant mob, with close to fifty percent of its HP
lost to the earlier two attacks, recovered from its stun, its exposed stalk
was given a straight slash by the sword skill. Of course, I was boosting
the force to its maximum with the movement from my kicking foot and
right arm. The sword blade glowing with the light effect cut into the
tough stalk, and facing the resistance that remained for a moment—

“Sukaan!”, as that groan sounded out, the pitcher portion was
sliced from the stalk, flying off into mid-air by itself. What remained of
the gauge was dyed in deep red, vanishing from the right side. As it
turned zero, the Little Nepent’s large form was frozen in blue. And then,
it burst apart.

With my sword still in the motion kept after the technique I
swung out, I ceased movement. The indication of experience points,
twice of the wild boar, being added floated into my vision. The battle
took approximately forty seconds. If I were to continue this pace, I
should be able to attain a pretty decent level of efficiency.

352

Sword Art Online Volume 8 – Early and Late
First Day

With the drawn sword in my right hand lowered, I looked around
the surrounding. Close to the limit of my searching range, several Little
Nepent cursors rose up. Those yet unseen by players.

Before others catch up to these hunting grounds, I must gain as
much as I possibly can. With such vigor that the POP of the area will
reach the extent of exhaustion. That would be such a high level of
egotism that it couldn’t be marveled at, even if I do say so myself, but it
wasn’t time for the hypocrisy of a philanthropic solo player.
Having decided on my next prey emotionlessly, I started running
into the deep forest once more.
Keeping it up for fifteen minutes, over ten Little Nepents were
already slaughtered.

Unfortunately, one with a flower attached had not appeared. In
these «real luck-dependent», as referred so in gamer lingo—in other
words, reliant on the factor of luck the actual player has—quests, there
have not been many incidents where I have been blessed with luck
within them in my memory.

Even if it’s a source of irritation, players who can boast of their
luck, obtaining super rare items with drop rates of 0.00 or so percent
one after another, succeeding in their equipment refinement ten times
in a row, and in addition, even getting along well with girls within
games; these players certainly do exist. To go up against them, there
was no method but to simply earnestly repeat those attempts over and
over again. Of course, regarding those attempts, I meant the rare items,
with absolutely no intention of spamming greetings whenever I meet
with any girls.
353

Sword Art Online Volume 8 – Early and Late
First Day

In the first place, due to what Kayaba, who could be considered a
god, had done, the avatars in-game were presently matched to their
appearances in reality, and the population of female players in Aincrad
must have taken a sharp dip. It was helpful that one would have no
need to doubt if the other party was actually a male «inside», but it
must have been quite an ordeal for those intending to take up the roleplay of a girl, choosing a name and initial equipment fitting of that. I
can do nothing but hope that Kayaba had prepared a name changing
item, quest or something of that sort of aid for their sake...

Perhaps due to being ahead of schedule, but as I thought about
such things in a portion of my head, defeating the eleventh plant
monster, a light fanfare rang out within my hearing. At the same time, a
golden light effect wrapped up my body. Along with what I had gained
from hunting wild boars with Klein beside the city, before the start of
the death game, I have finally exceeded the number of experience
points needed to level up.

If I were to be playing in a party, calls of “congrats” would
probably be springing up from all around in that instant. Instead, while
listening to the rustling from the treetops of the old trees ringing out, I
stored my sword back into the scabbard on my back. I drew back my
index and middle fingers, swinging them downwards, pulling out the
main menu window. Switching to the status tab, for the 3 precious
status up points added, I allocated 1 into Strength, 2 in Agility. In SAO,
where magic does not exist, these two were the only visible statuses, so
there was no real need to hesitate. In exchange, a huge number,
covering all sorts of battle-type and production-type skills were set
up—or so it seems, hence it will likely be a large cause of worry when
the number of skill slots eventually increase.
354

Sword Art Online Volume 8 – Early and Late
First Day

However, on this very day, to survive through this single hour, I
have no choice, but to risk my life. Before thinking about the future, I
must first ensure that I am adequate, level-wise, for a so-called, «safety
margin».
Finishing the status up process, I closed the window, and behind
me—
Suddenly, some sort of stiff clapping sound repeatedly rang out.
“...!”

I wildly jumped back, placing my hands onto my sword’s handle.
Getting absorbed in operating the window while in the field, letting
down my vigilance towards my back was a mistake that even a
beginner wouldn’t make.
Berating myself as I prepared for battle, what I saw was a being
that should not have appeared within this forest, a humanoid
monster—no, it was an actual human.
And it wasn’t a NPC. It was a player.

A man slightly taller than myself. Around the same age. His
defensive equipment were the light leather armor and buckler sold at
Horunka Village. His weapon was the same Small Sword from the
initial equipment. That said, it wasn’t exactly drawn out. In a stance
where his empty hands hit each other in front of his body, he left his
mouth agape.

In other words, the clapping sound effect from earlier was the
sound of applause from this man—or perhaps boy would be more
fitting—towards my level up.

355

Sword Art Online Volume 8 – Early and Late
First Day

After I took a short breath as I lowered my hands, the boy showed
an awkward smile, bowing his head down for a moment.
“...S-Sorry, for startling you like that. I should have called out from
the start.”
“......No, me too... sorry for the overreaction.”

Mumbling a reply, I stuffed my hands that lost their purpose into
the pockets of my half coat. The boy, whose features gave off a first
impression of seriousness, widened his faltering smile, and made some
sort of gesture, bringing the fingers on his right hand up to around his
right eye. As he lowered his hand with embarrassment immediately
after, I realized. He definitely wore glasses back in the real world.
“C-Congrats, on your level up. That was pretty quick.”

I reflexively lowered my head towards the boy’s words. It felt off,
as if he had seen through my thoughts of “If I were to be playing in a
party” from earlier. I shook my head from side to side in a fluster.
“It’s not that fast... —And if you are going to say that, you’re fast
too. I thought it would be two or three hours more before anyone
reached this forest.”

“Ahaha, I thought I would be the first to arrive too. The path to get
here is rather confusing, after all.”
The instant I heard those words, I finally noticed, though
belatedly.
He is the same as me.

Not in terms of equipment and gender. Nor as the position of a
prisoner in this death game of SAO players.
356

Sword Art Online Volume 8 – Early and Late
First Day

This boy had as much knowledge as me. The location of Horunka
Village. The reason why it was better not to buy a Bronze Sword. In
addition, the area with the largest POP of Little Nepents. In other
words—he was an «original β tester». Just like how I was.

The world’s first VRMMO game, Sword Art Online, begun official
service with ten thousand people gathered as players today, 6th
November, 2022. However, three months before that, offered to a mere
thousand people through a lottery, was the game’s play trial—that is to
say, a β test was carried out.

In that test flooded by tens of thousands of applications, that was
the only time I had an unbelievable stroke of real luck (though it could
be considered as terribly bad luck by this point in time), by being
selected. The test period lasted the whole of August. With the summer
vacation allowing it, I continued to full dive from morning to night—
though to be accurate, it was from the afternoon to early morning,
bustling about Aincrad, which had not yet become a cage of death, in a
daze, brandishing my sword, and dying. Over and over again.
Through endless attempts, the trial and error method, I
accumulated an extensive amount of knowledge and experience.

The small paths and ways of escape not shown on the map. The
locations of towns and villages, the stock shops keep. The price and
specifications of the equipment sold there. The activation
requirements of quests and how to clear them. The spawn areas of
monsters, their powers, and also, their weaknesses—

It was due to those bits and pieces of knowledge that I’ve gotten
here alive—deep within a forest far from the Starting City. If I was a
complete newbie that did not participate in the β test, I would likely
not even think of leaving the city alone.

357

Sword Art Online Volume 8 – Early and Late
First Day

The same could be said of the boy standing several meters in
front.

There was no doubt the one-handed swordsman with hair
slightly longer than mine went through the experience of the β test just
like me. Not just how he knows of the roads of this forest that
resembles a maze, but even the stance he adopts as he stands too,
shows a familiarization with the original VR engine used by SAO.
The guess that I developed to that extent within several seconds
was easily supported by a single phrase from the boy.

“You’re doing it too, right? The «Secret Medicine of the Forest»
quest.”

That was unmistakably the title of the quest I received at the
private house in the village earlier. There was no more reason to deny
if he had already read my intentions that far. Upon nodding, he grinned
while shifting his hand to those unseen glasses once again.
“That’s an indispensable quest to one-handed sword users, after
all. When you get that «Anneal Blade» reward, it’s good all the way till
the third floor’s labyrinth.”

“...The appearance isn’t much to talk about though, that weapon.”

As I added that bit in, the boy let out a bright “Ahahaha” laugh.
After finally ending that laughter, he opened his mouth after a short
pause. What came out were words slightly different from my
expectations.

“This is a rare chance, so how about working together on the
quest?”
“Eh... I do believe that was an individual-only quest though.”

358

Sword Art Online Volume 8 – Early and Late
First Day

I replied so spontaneously. There are quests that allow all
members of a party to clear it by running through it as a party, and
those that do not, and the type of this «Secret Medicine of the Forest»
belonged to the latter. There was only one of the crucial key item,
«Little Nepent’s Ovule», hence only one would drop, and even when
challenging it as a party, the number of items that need to be collected
would end up having to be equal to the number of people involved in
the end.
However, the boy gave a smile as though he had predicted my
words.

“Well, that might be true, but the rate of a «one with a flower» will
increase if the normal ones get hunted down as much as possible.
Pushing that to the extremes as a pair is more effective.”
It certainly was just as he had said. I couldn’t aim for any
monsters not by themselves as a solo, but with two, we could go up
against two of them at the same time. Along with the advantage of
shortening the time spent choosing targets, the number that could be
hunted down would increase accordingly—and with that, the chance of
one with a flower should similarly increase.
Just as I was about to nod in acceptance, I harshly stiffened my
avatar up.

That was because I thought about the right I had to form a party
now, after having abandoned that cheerful single-edged sword user,
Klein... the first friend I made, just a short hour or so ago.
However, the boy took my hesitation the wrong way, and shook
his head in a fluster.

359

Sword Art Online Volume 8 – Early and Late
First Day

“No, it’s fine, you don’t have to feel any obligation to form a party.
You are the first one who got here, so of course, I’ll concede the first
key item to you. If we continue hunting at that boosted rate, the second
will definitely drop soon, so if you can stick with me till then...”
“Ah... aah, that’s right... then, excuse me, but...”

With that incoherent reply, I nodded. If we were to fight as a party,
all drops from monsters would go into not our individual storage
spaces, but a temporary one instead, so technically, it would be
possible for him to make off with the key item for the quest. That was
likely what was thought as the source of my misgivings. Although in
actual fact, that hadn’t even crossed my mind yet, there was no worth
in correcting that now.
Towards my assent, the boy laughed once again, before he
stepped up and offered his right hand.

“That’s good to hear; well then, I’ll be in your care for the time
being. I am «Coper».”

If he was originally a β tester like me, it wouldn’t be odd if I knew
him previously, but I had no recollection of that name.

Of course, there was the chance that he might be using a different
name from during the β period, and in the first place, his name wasn’t
displayed on his color cursor, so it couldn’t even be confirmed if that
was his «real name». Similarly, I could use a false name as well.
However, I am awful with character naming, so for me, having used a
simple abbreviation of my real name in the various net games I’ve
played thus far, there was no way I could do something like making up
a false name in an instant.
“...Do treat me well. I am «Kirito».”

360

Sword Art Online Volume 8 – Early and Late
First Day

Upon giving my name, the boy—Coper lightly tilted his head to
the side.
“...Kirito... eh, just where did I...”

Somehow, it seems that the other party knew me indirectly from
the β period. Reflexively thinking that it might have a negative effect, I
immediately spoke out.

“That’s probably someone else. Come on, let’s get hunting. We
have to get two «ovules» before the other players get here.”
“Y...Yea, that’s right. Let’s go for it.”

Nodding to each other, we targeted a couple of Little Nepents
grouped together nearby and dashed towards them.
As expected of an original β tester, Coper’s sense for battle was
nothing to scoff at.

He knew quite a bit about the distance to keep away while using a
one-handed sword, the behavior monsters exhibit, and the usage of
sword skills. In my opinion, he was focusing slightly too much on
defense, but that was only understandable in this situation. We
naturally settled into a routine with good synergy, with Coper first
luring the target, then me striking at its weak point with all my might,
reducing our prey into polygon fragments one after another as a pair.

The hunting went smoothly, but there was still one large
irregularity that came to mind.

Even until now, we did not exchange a single comment about the
situation that SAO was currently in. Was Kayaba’s proclamation the
truth? If we die here, will we really die? Just how will this world turn

361

Sword Art Online Volume 8 – Early and Late
First Day

out from now on...? All of those questions must have occurred to Coper
as well, but there was no talk of anything beyond items and quests
between us, from the start to the very end. And despite that, our
conversation truly flowed naturally.

In other words—it must have been because both of us were
heavy MMO addicts. Even if the world were to change into a death
game, even if the log out button were to disappear, as long as we are in
the game, it’s the time for quests and experience earning. We are likely
beyond help now, but thinking back on it, Coper too, went to the extent
of applying for the β test as well, so there was no question that his very
core was that of a net gamer. To put it simply, beyond the fear of death,
we merely prioritized our urge to strengthen our characters...
No.

No, that’s not it.
Surely, both Coper and I are still unable to look reality in the eye yet.
Leveling up efficiency; exhausting the POP rate; even if we go
through these near-sighted calculations, our thoughts on the
foundation are still in suspension. Averting our sight away from the
reality of the Nerve Gear discharging high intensity electromagnetic
waves, frying our brains upon our HP reaching zero, and as an avenue
of escapism, simply aiming for what is «ahead» without prior
consideration. Comparatively, the players who remained in the
Starting City could even be said to be significantly more calm in their
understanding of the situation.
However, if that was so—

The fact that I was going up against dreadful monsters like this
right now, fighting on my absolute own free will, would mean that I

362

Sword Art Online Volume 8 – Early and Late
First Day

certainly was unable to comprehend the current reality. Unaffected by
the anxiety of dying for real being the entire basis for why I am still
able to dodge these pointed vines and dangerous corrosive fluids
capable of killing me off, with the slightest of movements.
The instant I realized that, a premonition came to me.
Aah... that in the nearby future, I’ll definitely die.

«An actual death», in other words, the first rule of a death game;
to not understand that rule, was to not look out for the line that one
must not cross. It was no different from walking at the edge of a cliff in
the midst of darkness, entrusting all to fate. Thinking back on it, exiting
the city on my own, stepping into this forest area with poor vision, was
already a deed at the extremes of foolhardiness...
*Gulp!* An intense chill ran down my spine, going all the way to
the tips of my hands and feet, putting a stop to my avatar’s movement.

At that exact moment, I aimed at the Little Nepent—just how
many I had already downed escapes me—and swung my sword
towards its weak point; if I had been frozen stiff for even half a second
more, I would have definitely eaten a painful counter in return.

Coming back to my senses, the re-activated sword skill,
«Horizontal», sliced off the plant’s stalk in my precarious situation. A
shattering sound rang out, and formless glass-like flakes passed
through me, scattering into the air.

At my back, battling another Nepent, was Coper, who fortunately
seemed to have not noticed my abnormal behavior. Slower by five
seconds and annihilating the enemy without any usage of skills, he
turned around with a sigh.
“......It’s still not out...”

363

Sword Art Online Volume 8 – Early and Late
First Day

His voice was tainted with traces of fatigue as expected. Over an
hour had passed since he started fighting as a team with me. Although
close to over a hundred and fifty Nepents must have been taken down
by the two of us already, the POP of the «one with a flower» has yet to
happen.
To shake off the chills that have yet to cease reverberating
throughout my frame, I gave my shoulders a firm jerk.

“It might be possible that the chance of it appearing was changed
since β times... It’s not like it’s the first time I heard of a MMO that
lowered the rate of rare drops with the start of official service...”
“...That’s true... —So, what now? We did manage to level up
considerably, and the durability levels of our weapons have dropped
by quite a bit, so returning to town for the time being might...”
When Coper reached that point in his speech, a faint red light
came to life under a tree, a mere ten meters or so away from us.

Rough and unevenly-shaped polygon blocks were rendered,
connecting to each other, forming a fuzzy image. It was a sight I was
used to—the POP of a monster.

As Coper mentioned earlier, we have gained quite a lot of
experience points with the «excess farming» we’ve done until now,
with both of us reaching level 3. The level suitable to clear the first
floor was around 10, from my memories of the β period, so although it
was still too early to proceed onwards, there was already no need to
scramble for every single Little Nepent around. The color of the
enemies’ color cursors were also changing from magenta to red.
“......”

364

Sword Art Online Volume 8 – Early and Late
First Day

The two of us stood still on the grassy patch, and continued
absentmindedly gazing at the spawning. Within several seconds, the
Nepent, number one hundred and several tens, received a distinct
appearance of its own, setting out on its path with its vines coiling
about. A lustrous green stalk, the proof that it’s alive; an unique
speckled pattern adorning its prey-trapping mechanism; and above
that—glistening a toxic red even beneath this dismal lightning, an
enormous flower that resembles a tulip.
“.........”

We remained watching that creature for several more seconds in
a daze, before silently turning to each other.
“......——!!”

A muted war cry. Swinging our individual swords forth, with a
vigor much like that of a cat assailing a mouse, we charged towards the
«flower attached one» that had finally appeared and—

Right before that, I did an emergency brake with both feet while
restraining Coper who was beside me with my left hand.

Why!? And as he turned towards me with that written on his face,
I first flicked out the index finger on my left hand to grab his attention,
then pointed it at what laid beyond the «flower attached one» far away.
It was hard to see, obstructed by many trees, but the shadow of
another Nepent was visible in that direction. Spotting it was thanks to
the searching skill with my slightly improved proficiency at it. Perhaps
due to not taking up the searching skill yet, Coper had to strain his eyes
through the darkness of the forest, taking several seconds before
finally appearing to have confirmed it by sight.

365

Sword Art Online Volume 8 – Early and Late
First Day

If the Nepent beyond the one with a flower was a normal one,
there would be no reason to hesitate in attacking. But of all the absurd
timings it could have appear at, a big lump just had to be right above
that second prey-trapping mechanism, gently swaying around.

If that were to be a flower as well, I would have no choice but to
retract the proclamation of my «low real luck». That said, what was
dangling on the end of the slender stalk of the second one, was a
spherical ball with a diameter of around twenty centimeters—a «seed».
If even a trifling graze was inflicted onto that, swelling out as though it
could burst open any moment, it would immediately rupture and cause
foul fumes to spread out. Those fumes would draw in swarms of
rampaging Nepents, doubtlessly plunging us into peril from which we
could not hope to escape, even with higher levels.
Just what should we do.

I was lost. There was the possibility of defeating the «one with a
seed» without hurting the seed with my combat capabilities. However,
that was not definite. If there was even the slightest chance of death, it
would be best to be patient and wait until the ones with the flower and
seed are separated, far away from each other.
However, there was a single rumor I heard during the β period
that added to my dilemma. Regarding the Little Nepent «with the
flower», a precious, rare monster that drops the key item for a quest, if
left alone without hunting it down, it would change into the extremely
dangerous trap monster, the «one with a seed»... or at least, I believe I
heard so, in those days.

It was not impossible; or rather, it certainly was a plausible tale.
Even while looking on from these bushes, the petals of the flower on
the Nepent, moving about around ten meters ahead, could be seen

366

Sword Art Online Volume 8 – Early and Late
First Day

falling as they fluttered, a perfectly round seed growing out, resulting
in a group of two Nepents with seeds when counted with the other one
there—or so it might turn out.
“...Just what should we do...”

I murmured thus without thinking. The fact that I faltered here
was proof that I had yet to draw the line between danger and safety. In
this state of hesitation, falling back seems to be the rational choice, but
I have to question my rationality at this current moment.
While I was frozen, as though afflicted by a stun-causing attack,
Coper’s low whisper reached my ears.
“—Let’s go. I’ll draw the «one with the seed»‘s attention, please
finish off the «one with the flower» quick.”

And without waiting for a reply, those boots from the initial
equipment stepped forth.
“.........Got it.”

I replied, following behind Coper.

I had yet to resolve my hesitation. I had only put it off. But with
this situation advancing, I could do nothing but to shift my focus onto
this sword and avatar. If I was unable to handle even that, I would
really die.

The one with the flower was the first to notice Coper’s approach,
twirling its body around. “Shaaaaa!”, the borders of the prey-trapping
mechanism, appearing much like the lips of a human being, bellowed
out while quivering.

Veering to the right, aiming at the one with the seed further
within, Coper still held the attention of the one with the flower. Having

367

Sword Art Online Volume 8 – Early and Late
First Day

gotten closer, I took advantage of the opportunity, brandishing the
sword in my right hand, with all doubts thrown to the wind.

Even if it was a rare monster with an appearance rate of lower
than one percent, the Nepent with a flower had stats barely any
different from the normal ones. Its defense and attack were slightly
higher, but that deviation meant nothing to me, having gotten to level 3
after over an hour of hunting.

Even with all these doubts lingering in my mind, the accumulated
experience of battles from the β period made my avatar move
instinctively, evading attacks from the Nepent’s vines by parrying and
stepping aside, piling up counterattacks one after another. Its HP gauge
turned yellow in ten seconds, and I started up a sword skill to finish it
off after a single jump backwards.

With the increase in my one-handed straight sword proficiency
through the numerous battles, it felt like the activation speed and
range of skills have also increased. When the Nepent attempted to
spew out its corrosive fluids, before managing to inflate its preytrapping mechanism even halfway, its fleshy stalk was sliced apart by
the blue arc of the single-hit «Horizontal» letting out a creaking sound.

The shriek that echoed out too, was slightly different from the
norm. The decapitated pitcher portion spun as it dropped to the
ground, scattering away as polygons—but before that, the flower at the
top of its head fell down delicately.
A fist-sized ball, shining faintly, tumbled out from its insides. The
thing rolled all the way to my feet, and just as it touched the tips of my
boots, the Nepent’s trunk and prey-trapping mechanism blasted apart,
one after another.

368

Sword Art Online Volume 8 – Early and Late
First Day

I bent my body over, picking up the gleaming sphere—the «Little
Nepent’s Ovule» with my left hand. In order to obtain this key item,
over a hundred and fifty monsters must have been defeated, not to
mention getting stuck in that state of indecision over one thing or
another.

As that came to my mind, I got the desire to idly sit down in some
meadow, but it was still far too early to release this tension. I had to
back up Coper, who was taking the responsibility for drawing the
attention of the dangerous «one with a seed» a short distance away.
“Sorry for the wait!”

Shouting out as I lifted my head, I dropped the ovule in my left
hand into the belt pouch on my waist. It would honestly give me more
relief if I opened up the window and stored it in my storage space, but
it was not the time to leisurely operate it like so. I restored my grip
onto my sword, and ran several steps—

For some reason, my feet appeared to have stopped all by
themselves.

I didn’t understand it too. Just right ahead, the partner that I
unexpectedly gained, Coper, was skillfully handling the Nepent’s
assaults with his sword and buckler. Perhaps because he specialized in
defense from the start, but it seemed that he had enough control to face
this way, even in the midst of battle. Giving off an aura of seriousness,
with slightly narrowed eyes, he stared into me—with those eyes.
Something in his gaze caused my feet to halt.

What was it? Why was Coper looking on me with those eyes? As if
they were filled with distrust, or possibly pity.
369

Sword Art Online Volume 8 – Early and Late
First Day

Strongly fending off the Nepent’s vine attack with the buckler, as
Coper broke off the bout, he delivered a short line while looking at me,
who was standing stock still.
“Sorry, Kirito.”

And he returned his sight to the monster, forcefully raising the
sword in his right hand above his head. The blade glistened light blue.
A sword skill was activated. That motion—was that of the single-hit
vertical slash, «Vertical».
“No... that’s bad, isn’t it...”

Even with the confusion caused by the earlier statement, I
murmured so with my mind numb.

The upper portion of the stalk, a weak point of the Little Nepent,
was obstructed by its sturdy prey-trapping mechanism, and as such,
vertical attacks are ineffective. Additionally, there was a clear reason
why Coper should not be using a vertical slash now. He should also be
well aware of that.

However, the sword skill was already beyond the point of no
return. The avatar, half taken over by the system assist, kicked the
ground savagely, and the glowing blade was driven into the Nepent’s
prey-trapping mechanism—or at least, what was above it, striking that
wobbling, round «seed».
*Baaan!*

That explosive sound shook the forest at a monstrous volume.

This was the second time I heard this sound. The first was of
course, during the β test period. At that time, the members of my ad
hoc party carelessly poked it with a spear, and due to the swarm of

370

Sword Art Online Volume 8 – Early and Late
First Day

Little Nepents attracted by the odor, the four of us at level 2 to 3 died
before we could even try to escape.

Coper’s «Vertical» that smashed the seed continued, slicing apart
the Nepent’s prey-trapping mechanism as well, cutting through its HP
gauge. The monster soon blew apart, but the vague green fumes left
behind in the air and that queer stench that reached my nose did not
fade away.

Facing Coper, who had avoided the fumes and jumped aside with
vigor, I spat words out in a daze.
“Wh... Why...”

It wasn’t an accident. That attack was intentional. Coper slashed
that «seed» of his own free will, bursting it open.

The original β tester who fought alongside me for this one hour
repeated himself without looking at me.
“...Sorry.”

From the direction of that avatar, I saw a great number of color
cursors appear.

From the right too. From the left too. And also, from the back too.
They were the Little Nepents drawn by the fumes. There was no
mistake that every one of the individual beings POP-ed in this area
were gathering, without a single one lacking. There were twenty in
total... no, there were easily over thirty. It’s impossible; the instant I
decided that, my feet began to try and escape by their own accord, but
that too, was impossible. Even if I were to break through the blockade,
the highest movement speed of Nepents was far higher than one would
be led to believe from their outer appearance and I would befall the
371

Sword Art Online Volume 8 – Early and Late
First Day

attention of other monsters before I got away. Retreat was no longer
possible—
In other words, this was suicide?

Was I dragged along, only to die here? Was Coper crushed under
the pressure from the fear of «death in reality», wishing to retire from
this death game?
Frozen stiff as I stood there, I wondered vacantly.
However, that guess was in error.

Not bothering to even look at me any further, Coper, with his
sword already returned to its scabbard on the left side of his waist,
started to run towards a thicket nearby having turning to that direction.
There was no hesitation in his movements. He had not given up on
living through this yet. However.
“It’s futile...”

I squeezed the words that almost couldn’t escape out from my
throat.

The swarm of Little Nepents was flooding in from all directions.
Slipping through any gaps, or cutting a path through with a sword
would be difficult, and even if that actually worked, the enemies would
impede any attempts to continue. No, in the first place, if Coper intends
to escape now of all times, just why did he slice that seed with
«Vertical»? Perhaps he planned to die, but lost his nerve upon seeing
the huge mass of monsters, and thought of struggling to the bitter end?
I thought through those things in a corner of my mind; over half
of it already numb, as I followed behind Coper who dove into a small

372

Sword Art Online Volume 8 – Early and Late
First Day

thicket. With the dense growth of leaves obstructing, his avatar went
out of sight, but his color cursor was still displayed as—...

It wasn’t. He shouldn’t have gotten twenty meters away yet, but
Coper’s color cursor had vanished from my vision. He might have used
a «teleport crystal» to perform an emergency retreat; was what I
thought for a moment, but that should not be it. That item was terribly
valuable, and there was no way he managed to buy it at the beginning
like this, not to mention that the 1st floor had neither shops that sold it,
nor monsters that dropped it.
In that case, there was only one answer. The special effects of the
«Hiding» skill. Erasing the sight of the color cursor from players, and
not drawing the attention of monsters. Coper did not leave the second
skill slot empty; he had already taken up the hiding skill. That might
have been why when we first met, I did not notice him approaching me
from behind...
As I felt the ground quake beneath the groups of monsters
gushing forth, I came to that conclusion, and finally—though it was
much too slow, I realized.

Coper was not fleeing from a suicide attempt after getting a taste
of fear.
He was trying to kill me.

Going to the extent of breaking the «seed», gathering together the
Nepents from all around. Followed by concealing nothing but his own
body with the hiding skill, all by himself. Rallying over thirty monsters’
undivided attention onto me, who was incapable of hiding. A truly
orthodox modus operandi, of how «MPK» works.
373

Sword Art Online Volume 8 – Early and Late
First Day

Upon understanding that, his motive was clear as day. To steal the
quest key item, «Little Nepent’s Ovule», that I picked up just a moment
ago. If I were to die, the item would drop right there from within my
equipment, or the pouch it was in. After the mass of Nepents have
dispersed, Coper could pick up the «ovule», return to the village and
clear the quest.
“......So that’s it......”

As I set my sight upon the horde of abnormalities, close enough
for me to not have to rely on the color cursors any longer, I whispered.

—Coper. He was not escaping from the reality of the situation. It
was the opposite. He had already acknowledged the reality of this socalled death game, advancing onto the stage as a proper player. His
decision, was to swindle, outwit and rob other players, for the sake of
his own life.
Surprisingly, I felt no enmity rise up within me.

Even though I fell right into the trap, and was about to be
murdered, curiously enough, my mind was composed. Part of that
might have been due to my recognition of that single «hole» existing in
Coper’s plan.
“...Coper. You didn’t know about it, did you.”

I have no idea if he could hear me, but I articulated so, in the
direction of the thicket a slight distance away.

“This must have been the first time you took up the «hiding» skill.
It may be a useful skill, but it’s not quite bulletproof. Against monsters
that rely on senses aside from sight, it’s not very effective. For example,
something like a Little Nepent.”
374

Sword Art Online Volume 8 – Early and Late
First Day

Rampaging as they assembled, a cluster of the predatory plants
storming in like an avalanche were clearly heading towards the thicket
Coper was hidden in. He must have noticed how he constantly drew
attention despite hiding by now. That was the exact reason why I took
up searching over hiding.
Feeling calmer than ever, I turned towards the rear, and laid my
eyes onto the ranks of Nepents rushing in from there. The enemies
from behind will be assailing Coper, so it’s fine to leave them alone for
now. Before the situation concludes behind, if I were to annihilate
those in front, there might just be a chance to return alive. Of course,
the odds of that were one to ten thousand though.

Despite death approaching close enough to graze me, I am still
unable to face it as reality, and took up my Small Sword as I always did.
Its durability was depleted from the hundred and tens of battle it went
through till now, with chips and scratches everywhere on its blade. If I
were to wield it roughly, it might even break apart during this battle.

Reducing the number of slashes to the minimum. Hitting exactly
below the enemies’ prey-trapping mechanism, their weak point, with a
«Horizontal» at full boosted power as I kicked off and swung my arm, I
slaughtered each in one blow. If I wasn’t capable of doing that at the
very least, it was certain that the worst manner of death would greet
me when I lose my armaments.

I heard the sounds of the monsters’ howls and attacks from
behind, as well as Coper, who seemed to be shouting something.

But I turned back no more, and focused all my senses on the foes I
was up against.
375

Sword Art Online Volume 8 – Early and Late
First Day

The few minutes since then—or perhaps the few tens of minutes
since then, I have no proper recollections of any details from that
period, even after the passing of much time.

I lost most of my logical thinking. All I was aware of, was the
enemies before me, that plain sword, and the flesh guiding it—or to be
accurate, it was only the motion commands issued by my brain.

Predicting the types and trajectories of the attacks coming from
the monstrosities by their motions, avoiding those with minimum
movement, countering by sinking a sword skill in. What I have done in
the battles up till now, but with the inefficiencies in the motions ironed
out, the precision raised.

In SAO, «unmissable magic attacks» do not exist. As a result,
theoretically, if a player’s senses of judgment and reaction were
ridiculously high, it would be possible to dodge any and every attack
without pause. That said, I don’t have that much skill as a player, and
there’s way too many enemies, so some sort of flawless execution
would not happen. Vines stretched out from all four directions, grazing
me and drops of the corrosive fluids hurled at me made holes in my
leather coat one after another. While my HP gauge was whittled down
as time passed, my virtual, actual «death» took another step closer.
However, I narrowly avoided any direct hits, and continued to
swing my sword.

If I were to suffer from even a half second delay due to a direct hit,
it would lead to a stream of consecutive blows that will not cease until
my death. Just which will happen first: damage shaving my HP down to
zero, or getting my movement arrested and dying in an instant?
During the β test period, no, before even that, within the
numerous MMO games I played, I have fallen into such desperate

376

Sword Art Online Volume 8 – Early and Late
First Day

situations countless times. At times like those, after making a slight
attempt at escaping my doom, I would think about how annoying it
was to recover from the death penalty, or maybe how it would be nice
if my weapon didn’t drop at least, as I sat back and waited for my HP to
fall to zero.
If I wished for a «sense of reality» in this world, I would just have
to do that now. At the very least, I would be able to find whether
Kayaba’s declaration was the truth, or a malicious prank.
It felt like a small voice whispered that within my mind. But I
ignored it, and continued decapitating the heads of the endlessly
appearing Nepents with naught but «Slants» and «Horizontals».
Because I didn’t want to die? Well, that’s for sure.

But, there was one another thing, some other motive spurring me
on to fight. At this current moment, forcibly warping the shape of my
mouth—something was changing its form into one that could even be
considered to resemble a smile.
This is it, was what I thought.

This is SAO. Despite having dived in for over two hundred hours in
the β test, I was completely unable to perceive the true essence of this
game named SAO. I haven’t been fighting for an actual cause.
The sword was not simply an item classified as a weapon, and the
body was not simply an object capable of motion. When synchronized
with one’s consciousness to the upmost limits, in that moment it all
came together, there was a new phase that I could reach. I was only
able to catch a glimpse of the entrance to that world still. I want to
know what lies ahead. I want to keep moving ahead.
“U... ooooaaaa!!”

377

Sword Art Online Volume 8 – Early and Late
First Day

I howled, and kicked off the ground.

A «Horizontal», leaving behind even its own light effect, swung
out and caused the prey-trapping mechanism of two Nepents, lined up
in a file, to soar ever higher.
Immediately after, from a location slightly away at my back, a
remarkably sharp sound rang out fleetingly with a *Kashaaan!*.

It was distinctively different from the sound of a monster blowing
up into scattered fragments. A effect that heralded a player’s death.
Coper, who was surrounded by over ten of them, had finally
expended all of his energy.
“......h!!”

I started to turn around by reflex, but resisting that, I slaughtered
the last two around me, one after another.
Then I finally turned behind.

The Nepents who killed off their first target directed their
bloodlust towards me. Their numbers accounted to seven. That would
make it over five of them that Coper managed to drive off in that
situation. The reason why he did not scream aloud in his final moments
was most likely not due to lacking the composure to do so, but for the
pride he held as an original β tester.
“......Good work.”

Mouthing the standard line in response to those «logging out» of
net games, I brandished my now corroded sword right before me. It
could have even been possible to escape from this situation right now,
but that thought didn’t even occur to me.
378

Sword Art Online Volume 8 – Early and Late
First Day

379

Sword Art Online Volume 8 – Early and Late
First Day

Of the seven Nepents who caught sight of their new prey and
were rushing in, a deep red «flower» just had to be blooming right at
the top of the prey-trapping mechanism belonging to the one leading.

If only he didn’t try to kill me through MPK, and just worked hard
at it for a little longer, Coper would have gotten his very own «ovule»
as well. But, there was no purpose in saying that now. These were the
consequences of those actions. That’s all.

My HP gauge was lower than forty percent, and about to enter the
critical red area after a little more, but I entertained thoughts of death
no more. I sensed the two on the right side within those seven
initiating the motion for their corrosive fluid spray, dashed there with
all my might, and used a single shot to take care of the enemies who
were stuck charging up.

I brought down the remaining five in the next twenty-five
seconds, and the battle was over.

On the spot where Coper was obliterated, his Small Sword and
Buckler laid fallen. Both were worn out, much like my sword.

He had fought on this Floating Castle Aincrad for several hours,
and then, died. To be exact, his HP went to zero, and his virtual body
was scattered. However, there was no means to check if that unknown
somebody, in a street of the real Japan, lying down in a house
somewhere, who manipulated that avatar had really died. All I could do,
was bid farewell to this swordsman named Coper.

After thinking briefly, I picked up the sword, and thrust it deep
into the roots of the biggest tree around. Next, I placed the «ovule»,
that dropped from the second one with a flower, onto that root.

380

Sword Art Online Volume 8 – Early and Late
First Day

“Here’s yours, Coper.”

I murmured, and stood up. Items left on the ground will have
their endurance gradually dropping, eventually vanishing, but it should
be able to serve as a gravestone marker for several hours.
With my back turned towards it, to return to the village, I began
walking on the path heading east.

Even though I witnessed the death of my partner who deceived,
faced death, and was deceived, while barely living through by the skin
of my teeth, the «sense of reality of this death game» that I held was as
flimsy as always. But at the very least, the urge to get stronger had
increased compared to before. Not for the sake of staying alive, but to
understand the limits of sword techniques in SAO, though that may be
a desire unspeakable to others.

Perhaps due to the POP drying up from our duo’s over hunting as
expected, without running into any monster encounters, I arrived back
at Horunka.

The time was—nine o’clock at night. From the end of Kayaba’s
tutorial, three hours have already passed.

As expected, I could see several players in the village’s plaza. They
were probably original β testers as well. At this rate, only those who
had experienced the β will proceed onwards, and a gap might
eventually form between them and a great many of those without that
experience... but that was not something that I had the rights to be
worried over.

I had no desire to converse with others right now, so before the
other players noticed me, I went through the alleyways, and headed for
the inner portion of the village. Fortunately, the NPCs’ behavior

381

Sword Art Online Volume 8 – Early and Late
First Day

patterns seemed to have yet to progress into their late night versions,
so the window of the house I headed for was still lit with an orange
glow.

Striking the knocker for courtesy’s sake, and then opening the
door, the missus turned around, with something simmering on the
stove as always. Floating above her head was the golden «!» that
denoted a quest in progress.

Stepping up to her, from inside the pouch on my waist, I took out
a sphere faintly shining light green—the «Little Nepent’s Ovule» and
handed it over.
The missus’s face lit up, looking as though she was twenty years
younger in an instant, and accepted the ovule. As she babbled on with
words of gratitude, the quest log at the left of my vision updated.

Gently putting the ovule into the pot, the missus, who now
appears to be a young wife, walked over to a large chest placed at the
south of the room, and opened its lid. From inside, she quietly took out
a long sword in a red scabbard, and though it may seem decrepit, it
gave off a presence entirely different from that of the initial equipment.
Returning before me, she held out the sword with both hands, along
with words of gratitude once again.
“...Thanks.”

I murmured that single word, and accepted it. My right hand
could feel its evident weight. The sensation it gave off felt like one
point five times that of the Small Sword. The sword that really served
me well even during the β—this «Anneal Sword»; I would require
some practice to get used to it once again.
382

Sword Art Online Volume 8 – Early and Late
First Day

The quest completion message floated in the middle of my vision,
the bonus experience points added, and my level got to four.

The old me would have burst out of the village, full of spirit,
swinging my new sword at the «Large Nepent» enemies that appear
deep in the forest to the west.

But I totally didn’t feel up to that at the moment, and after storing
the new sword in my storage space, I sat down on a chair close by with
a thud.

The quest was already completed, so the young wife won’t even
offer a glass of water. With her back turned to me, she was stirring the
simmering pot on the stove once more.

As surges of fatigue finally washed over me, I absentmindedly
continued to watch over the NPC’s behavior. I wonder just how long I
stayed that way. Within my vision, the young wife took out a wooden
cup from the shelves, and filled it with the pot’s contents using a ladle.

Holding the steaming cup with both hands earnestly, with
significantly more care than the sword earlier, she walked towards the
door in the interior.

I stood up without any real reason and followed behind the wife.
The NPC that opened the door stepped towards a dimly lit room. If I’m
not wrong, during the β period, when I tried to open this door by
myself, it should have been locked away by the system. Despite
lingering hesitations, I too, stepped over the edge.
Within was a small bedroom. It was furnished with a dresser by
the wall and a bed by the window, along with a single small chair.

And, lying on the bed was a girl, who looked to be seven or eight
years of age.

383

Sword Art Online Volume 8 – Early and Late
First Day

The paleness on her face was apparent even under the moonlight.
Her neck was thin too, with the shoulders peeking out from the sheets
bony.

Upon noticing her mother, the girl lifted her eyelids slightly, and
next—she looked at me. Eeh, as I stood stock still with that thought,
those lips, lacking in color, formed into a faint smile.
The mother reached out with her right hand, propping up the
girl’s back. That instant, the girl’s body bent over, gripped by a
coughing fit. Those light brown braids shook weakly over the back
covered in a white negligee.

I checked the color cursor displayed near the girl once more. The
NPC tag was unmistakably attached to it. Her name was «Agatha». That
would be pronounced as Ah-ga-tha, I guess.

While stroking the girl—Agatha’s back gently with her right hand,
the mother sat down on the chair by the side, and spoke.

“Agatha. Here, the traveling swordsman got some medicine for
you from the forest. If you drink this, you’ll get better for sure.”
held.

And, she made the girl take a hold of the cup that her left hand

“...Okay.”

Agatha nodded with a cute voice, and holding on to the cup with
her small hands, she gulped it down.

A brilliant golden light poured out with a *Paa* sound effect, color
instantly returned to her face, and the girl jumped out from her bed
and started running around—nothing of that sort happened. However,
384

Sword Art Online Volume 8 – Early and Late
First Day

as Agatha lowered the cup, it might be just me, but I thought a slight
tinge of red returned to her cheeks.

Returning the now empty cup to her mother, Agatha returned her
gaze to me as I was frozen on that spot, and grinned.
Her lips moved, her somewhat stuttering words flowed out like
demure jewels.
“Thank you, onii-chan.”
“......Ah...”

Without being able to give a proper answer, my two eyes opened
wide as that sound escaped.
In the past——

In the far off past, it felt like something like this had happened.

My sister... Suguha caught a cold, and stayed in bed. My father was
appointed overseas as always and my mother was unable to cancel a
trip that she had to make to the company, hence I was in charge of
nursing her for a mere two hours. That was, during elementary school...
just which grade was it in? Honestly, I did think of it as a little
bothersome, but I didn’t leave her alone to go play, and wiped down
Suguha’s sweat, changing the cooling patch on her forehead.

When I did that, that girl suddenly said that she wanted to drink
some ginger tea.

I reluctantly called up my mother, and asked for its recipe. It just
needed ginger extract and honey to be dissolved in hot water, a
procedure more simple than even cookery in Aincrad if done carelessly,
but to me who had never even dabbled in cooking, it was of extremely
high difficulty. After carrying the ginger tea, made while getting my
385

Sword Art Online Volume 8 – Early and Late
First Day

own fingers grated when I used the grater, to Suguha’s bedside, that
girl who’s usually full of spiteful language, looked up to me with a meek
face——
“......Uu...gh......”

All of a sudden, those sounds issued involuntarily from my throat.
I want to meet up with them.

I want to meet up with Suguha, with my mother, with my dad.
The overtly intense urge pierced through my avatar, causing me
to stumble, and my two hands landed onto Agatha’s bed. I lowered my
knees onto the bedding like that, gripping onto the white sheets tight,
and those coarse sounds slipped out from me yet again.

I want to meet up with them. But that was not something that could
be allowed. After all, the multiple electric fields let out by the Nerve Gear
severed my consciousness from the real world completely, imprisoning
me within this world.
While holding down the sobs that my mouth was bent on gushing
out, I felt like I have finally understood just what was the «truth» of
this world.

It was not just about dying or living. There was no way I could
have truly experienced anything like «death» in the first place. After all,
even in the real world—one like this one, a «world where dying really
means death», I have never felt the presence of death close by.

Rather, it was the fact that this is a «parallel world». That I can’t
meet with people I want to. That is, the one and only truth. That which
is «real» in this world.

386

Sword Art Online Volume 8 – Early and Late
First Day

Hiding my face deep within the sheets, I clenched my teeth as my
entire body continued to tremble. There were no tears. No, they might
be flowing down the cheeks of my real body made from flesh and blood
while it lied on my bed in the real world. Possibly, even in front of
Suguha, watching over me from the side.
“......What’s the matter, onii-chan?”

Hearing that voice, a soft palm nervously touched my head.

That hand soon started stroking my hair awkwardly. Over and
over again.

Until I cried myself out, that small hand never stopped moving.

(End)

387

Sword Art Online Volume 8 – Early and Late
Afterword

Afterword
This is Kawahara Reki. Thank you very much for reading 『Sword

Art Online 8 Early and Late』.

This is another compilation of side stories after volume 2. As the
title says, it is the records of the latest story of SAO world (to be
accurate, in chronological order, it was about a week before volume 7
『Mother’s Rosario』) and the earliest story of SAO world (this too, to be
accurate, happened an hour after chapter 1 of volume 1 『Aincrad』
<Laugh>).

Readers who had followed from volume 1 (or from the web
version) would already know, that this SAO story happened two years
after the start of the death game «Sword Art Online», the incident at
about three weeks before the game was cleared was written first. After
that, even though I wrote four side stories of the past episodes in
volume 2, but I actually at a loss at the news that the SAO would get
published into a Dengeki Bunko version. I thought if I shouldn’t publish
the web version as it was, but rewrite the large portion of the scripts in
volume one and two, by carefully filling the gap between the start and
the clearing of the death game.
Of course, even though those thoughts had already ended (the
reason was mainly due to the fear of having to write enormous amount
of pages <Laugh>), but inside me, the figure of «Kirito after separated
with Klein at the Starting City» had been smoldering for years. From
the former β tester, he who full sprinted along the shortest course to

388

Sword Art Online Volume 8 – Early and Late
Afterword

become stronger, what kind of feeling he had kept within his heart, I
want to follow along with him —— that sort of feeling was left in me
without disappearing.

At the time I decided to put the two stories which had been
published on the web (『A Murder Case in the Area』 and 『Caliber』) in
this eighth volume, ‘Then why not writing that day story, when Kirito
ran out into the wilderness in addition!’ After thinking so, I wrote
『First Day』. Come to think of it, it is now close to ten years after
writing the first story of SAO, there may be some fluctuations in
Kirito’s figure, if you are enjoying it including those, I’ll be very happy.

From here on, if the chance arises, I feel like to write about when
Kirito obtained his very first beloved sword and challenged the first
floor capture. Please wait patiently!

Now this is the custom ‘I’m sorry corner’...... About 『A Murder
Case in the Area』 in this volume, I’m sad to say, there were
inconsistencies from what described in volume one (for example, in
volume one, Kirito recalled that 『He had never entered an NPC
restaurant with Asuna before』 but it was exactly that in this
volume......). For a moment, I was puzzled if I should make a temporary
excuse that it was a player’s shop, but I stopped before getting the
conclusion. Others are “Huh?” feelings here and there, for those, I beg
for your forgiveness as the work came after the various complicated
processes.

Next is an apology again, 『A Murder Case in the Area』 which
borrowed the trick and solution part from the mystery format, I think
the mystery fans may angrily said “There wasn’t any!” As someone who
loves to read mystery novel, I had an impulse to challenge it, but I’m
389

Sword Art Online Volume 8 – Early and Late
Afterword

sorry for my inadequacy! I’m training to correct it and one day I think
I’ll challenge it again.

Then, this is no longer an apology but an advertising, this book
tells the «Quest success part» of 『Caliber』, the IF expansion of the
«Failure part» will be published in the June 2011 issue of the Dengeki
Bunko Magazine. If you have a chance, I think it’d be one or two times
more enjoyable!
The one responsible for the publishing, Miki-san, who already
was mega-busy during the moving of the editorial department, had
additional giga-trouble as I forgot to submit the afterword; the
illustrator abec-san, who tera-worked hard for the serialization
schedule in June and August; this time I also thank you very much!
Then to every readers, please continue your support in volume nine
which will be the start of the big fourth arc!
A certain day in May 2011, Kawahara Reki

390

Sword Art Online Volume 8 – Early and Late
Credits

Credits

Sword Art Online 8
Early and Late
Story
Illustration
Translators

Kawahara Reki
abec

A Murder Case in the Area
- Teh_Ping

Cailber
- Black Cats of the Full Moon (part 1)
- BeginnerXP (part 2-6)
First Day
- Tap
Afterword
- BeginnerXP

Project Hosted at www.baka-tsuki.org
391

Sword Art Online Volume 8 – Early and Late
Credits

392

