Sword Art Online 13 - Alicization Dividing
Interlude IV

9

Sword Art Online 13 - Alicization Dividing
Interlude IV

Interlude IV
6th July AD 2026

There were twelve decks on the self-propelled mega-float that
boasted an overall length of four hundred meters and a width of
two hundred and fifty meters, the «Ocean Turtle».

Considering how Oasis of the Seas, the world’s biggest cruise
ship—though smaller than the Ocean Turtle, of course—could
hold eighteen decks, it appeared to be a slightly extravagant use
of space. However, it was not constructed for cruises, but for
oceanographic research, and apparently needed specifications
capable of fitting all sorts of observation and analysis machinery.
Naturally, not even Asuna had any dissatisfaction over the
ceiling’s height.

The first floor from the waterline was the floating deck, the
engine room took the second floor, while the third to eighth
floors comprised of all kinds of research facilities, such as marine
biology, deep-sea resources, and plate tectonics. The ninth and
tenth floors held the cabins, the eleventh floor was the recreation
deck with the lounge, gym, pool, and such, and aside from the
radar and antenna installed on the final floor, the twelfth floor, it
had an observation platform as well.
The ship belonged to the Japan Agency for Marine-Earth
Science and Technology, that was merely half of the truth.

Aside from the link in utilizing a domestic pressurized water
reactor, its construction was carried out in cooperation with the
self-defense forces and its members were constantly aboard,
actively guarding it even after its completion.

That wasn’t all. The composite titanium pillar—nicknamed the
«main shaft», stabbed through the hull’s core was left completely
under the self-defense forces’ management and a top-secret
10

Sword Art Online 13 - Alicization Dividing
Interlude IV

research with absolutely no relation to the ocean was being
carried out there. One that duplicated a newborn baby’s soul,
brought up a virtual world, and seemed to have given birth to the
world’s first bottom-up artificial intelligence—named the
«Alicization Project».

6th July 2026, Monday, 7:45 AM.

Having paid a visit to Kirito—Kirigaya Kazuto, undergoing
treatment in the upper half of the main shaft, called the «upper
shaft», Yuuki Asuna had her breakfast at the eleventh deck’s
lounge with Koujiro Rinko, a researcher of fulldive technology.

She figured she had no room for complaints, seeing as she was
no guest on some luxurious passenger ship—or rather, she
would have been escorted to the detention barracks (though she
didn’t know if one existed) if not for the decision of Lieutenant
Colonel Kikuoka Seijirou, who supervised the project, but she had
no choice but to admit the buffet-style meal was fairly splendidly
done.

Rinko, who inserted a knife into a battered white fish on the
other side of the table, spoke as she stared hard at the crosssection.
“I wonder if this fish was caught from the Ocean Turtle?”
“Wh-Who knows…”

Having taken the same onto her dish, Asuna timidly brought a
small piece to her mouth. The tender white flesh shredded easily
yet kept its mellow texture when chewed. She had no doubt it
was reasonably fresh, but she had no idea if fish could actually be
caught by throwing a rod into these open seas.
Putting down the knife in her right hand, Asuna turned her
eyes towards the window on the left of the table while bringing
up her glass of iced tea. The calm ocean surface was pitch-black,
without a single fishing boat in sight, let alone fishes.
11

Sword Art Online 13 - Alicization Dividing
Interlude IV

Now that she thought about it, Asuna hadn’t heard anything
about the Ocean Turtle’s current location, aside from it being in
the «sea near the Izu islands». Even if it was around the Izu
islands, that was a long distance from north to south. If she
recalled right, even Hachijyou Island near the middle was almost
three hundred kilometers from Tokyo.
She could just start up a location application and display her
current location on the portable terminal she brought from
Tokyo if she could use it, but unfortunately, she didn’t have
permission to connect to the shipboard Wi-Fi due to security or
something. She could play the music files and such stored in the
local memory, so she felt lucky enough that it didn’t get
confiscated, but frustration certainly did accumulate when stuck
in a situation incapable of doing an «instant search whenever a
thought struck her». She didn’t feel this disgruntled back in SAO,
where she couldn’t even get a single piece of news from the real
world, let alone perform a search, though.
Gulping down her sigh along with the iced tea, Asuna thought
to refresh her mood.

She only got this irritated at not being able to use the internet
due to that lingering sensation that she wasn’t kept in the loop
enough.

Was the «project» Kikuoka Seijirou, Higa Takeru, and the rest
worked on truly limited to those details they explained
yesterday? Were there not still many concealed secrets hidden in
the experimental world, «Underworld»? Also—would Kazuto,
receiving treatment on the Soul TransLator number 4, awaken
when tomorrow comes as Nurse Aki Natsuki had said…?
No, putting the first two aside, she had to cast off her doubts
over the third. She could only believe entirely in it now. When
tomorrow—7th July comes, Kazuto’s damaged neural network
will have been regenerated and he will regain consciousness.
Asuna had no choice but to return to Tokyo via the helicopter
departing from the Ocean Turtle on the seventh’s evening, but
12

Sword Art Online 13 - Alicization Dividing
Interlude IV

there should be enough time to exchange some words. And the
time for Asuna to firmly embrace the body that protected her.

Having regained some of her spirit by imagining that moment,
Asuna continued eating while asking Rinko on the opposite side.
“Rinko-san, do you have any details on this ship’s current
location? I haven’t heard anything more than it being in the sea
near the Izu islands.
“…Now that you bring it up, I think I know as much as you…”

Having finished the battered fish, Rinko lightly tilted her head
and put her hand into the pocket of her white robe. She appeared
to be retrieving her portable terminal, but apparently recalled
that she couldn’t connect to the internet immediately after and
faintly frowned.
“Erm, I believe Higa-kun mentioned that we were a hundred
kilometers or two west of Mikura Island… or wait, was it Miyake
Island…”

While voicing out those vague information, Rinko turned her
eyes towards the window that was large for a ship. Asuna, too,
gazed upon the blue-black sea surface once again.

The morning sun shone in from the opposite window, so the
direction their two faces turned towards should be west. If the
Ocean Turtle truly was west of the Izu islands presently, neither
Mikura Island nor Miyako Island would be visible, much less
Honshuu…

A soft “Ah” escaped from Asuna who gazed at the ocean from
right to left with those thoughts in mind. She didn’t notice it
when she looked at the window earlier, but it was shining white
in the light from the morning sun. Something slender and manmade, floating in the distant sea—a ship. Grasping its scale was
difficult without anything to compare it to, but it appeared rather
large.
“Rinko-san, over there.”

13

Sword Art Online 13 - Alicization Dividing
Interlude IV

Asuna placed the knife before pointing, making Rinko squint
her eyes and nod.

“Oh, that’s a ship, isn’t it. Maybe the fishing vessel that caught
the fishes earlier…… or not, it seems…”
“Eh, it’s not?”

It’s much too large for a fishing vessel and its color is plain
too… besides, that’s an awfully lot of antennas.

Rinko left her seat and walked towards the window, so Asuna
went to her side. Her eyesight couldn’t be said to be bad, but the
faraway ship slowly swayed, blurring its details, perhaps due to
the vapor spraying off the sea surface. However, there certainly
was a great number of circular antennas installed on the mast
towering at the ship’s center. Very much similar to the large
antenna mast standing at the top of the Ocean Turtle, which
would be right above this lounge. The ship’s frame had a linear
design as well, so rather than a fishing vessel, it would be closer
to a transport ship, no, instead…
“A warship…?”

The moment Asuna muttered so, a somber voice rang out from
behind.
“That’s a Japanese vessel. Japan doesn’t own any warships.”

She turned back in sync with Rinko. The one who stood there
holding onto breakfast with both hands was a man in a pure
white uniform with short sleeves—Lieutenant Nakanishi.
“Morning, Nakanishi-san.”

“Good morning.”

When the pair greeted him, the tall Nakanishi conscientiously
placed his tray on a nearby table before bowing his upper body
and returning the greeting.
“Good morning, Professor Koujiro, Yuuki-san.”
14

Sword Art Online 13 - Alicization Dividing
Interlude IV

“A chance like this is rare, so wouldn’t you have your meal at
our table?”

He considered Rinko’s invitation for a little while before
nodding with a “I’ll take you up on your offer, then”. Waiting until
Nakanishi moved his tray, Asuna and Rinko then sat back at their
original seats. Taking a look at the self-defense forces member’s
breakfast portion, it was large as expected, with eggs, bacon, and
salad heaped onto a large plate.

“How does the taste compare to meals at the self-defense
forces?”

Nakanishi let out a slight strained laughter at Rinko’s
considerably difficult question and spoke as he picked up his fork.

“Honestly speaking, the Ocean Turtle’s a little better, I suppose.
And these tomatoes and cucumbers were even grown aboard the
ship.”
“Wah, there’s a vegetable garden?”

The self-defense forces member showed a somewhat proud
smile this time at Asuna who had her eyes opened wide.
“Yes, at the back of the eighth deck. I believe it was an
experiment for large-scale agriculture on the sea, however.”

“I wonder if that’s what gave the tomatoes that slightly salty
taste.”
And at that joke from Rinko,
“Really?”

Looking at Nakanishi, chewing the tomato wedges with a grave
expression, Asuna and Rinko broke into laughter. Just as she took
up her fork and knife to resume her interrupted meal, Asuna
recalled Nakanishi’s first line from earlier and tilted her head.

Japan didn’t own any warships, he said, but that shouldn’t be
the case. Wouldn’t his original workplace as a member of the
maritime self-defense forces be on a warship… no, the self15

Sword Art Online 13 - Alicization Dividing
Interlude IV

defense forces weren’t an army, so the ships they owned
wouldn’t be warships, or so logic would dictate, huh. In other
words, the ship visible on the other side of the window would
be…

Asuna turned her eyes towards the window once again and
stared hard at the linear silhouette of the large ship as she spoke.
“Then, that’s… not a warship, but erm, a Japan defense ship…?”

“That’s close. Vessels belonging to the maritime self-defense
forces are termed escort ships.”

Nakanishi gave a toothed smile, then turned his own eyes
towards the faraway ship and continued.
“That ship is a newly manufactured destroyer, DD-127
«Nagato»1. As for why it cruises around this sea region,
unfortunately, I am not at liberty to…… hmm…?”

His clear words cut off unnaturally and Asuna looked at
Nakanishi’s face before she returned her sight to the sea.

When she did, the grey warship—no, escort ship just happened
to start changing its direction. Turning its stern towards the
Ocean Turtle in less than ten seconds, it continued off into the
distance.

Having seen that, Nakanishi stood up without warning and
turned his back to Asuna and Rinko, taking out a nondescript
portable terminal from his pocket. Putting it to his ear in a
nimble motion, he began speaking in a soft voice.

“Lieutenant Colonel Kikuoka, I apologize for disturbing your
rest, this is Nakanishi. However, regarding «Nagato», was it not
supposed to be escorting this ship until 1200 the day after
tomorrow… no, it changed course towards the west just a… yes,
I’ll be immediately there.”
DD-127 in the real world is Isoyuki, a Hatsuyuki-class destroyer.
However, the real question is why DD-128 wasn’t used instead…
1

16

Sword Art Online 13 - Alicization Dividing
Interlude IV

Finished with his phone call, he turned quickly around with the
terminal held in his face. An abrupt rigid expression had
plastered itself upon the self-defense forces member’s face.

“Professor, Yuuki-san, I apologize, but I’ll be excusing myself
here.”
“Good luck with that. I’ll clear up the utensils for you.”
“I’ll accept your kind offer, then. Excuse me.”

Immediately after bowing in his upright posture at Rinko’s
words, Nakanishi left the lounge at a speed close to running.
“…I wonder what was the matter?”
“Who knows…”

Tilting her head slightly, she took another look beyond the
window.

Feeling a baseless, faint uneasiness while witnessing the escort
ship disappear beyond the morning mist, Asuna gently clenched
her left hand.

17

Sword Art Online 13 - Alicization Dividing

Chapter 10 - Integrity Knight Alice

Chapter 9
Integrity Knight Alice
5th Month of Human World Calendar 380

Creak.

Creakk.

My heart flinched slightly each time that faint noise rang out.
The noise came from the tip of the «black sword» yet to be

named. Somehow buried a cen into a tiny gap among the white

marble blocks that built up the outer wall of the Axiom Church’s
Central Cathedral.

My right hand that grasped the black sword’s grip was damp

with sweat, with my elbow and shoulder joints unable to bear
the weight, and threatening to let go even now. That was only

natural—the weight of two humans, one longsword with superhigh priority, and one set of armor were hanging off my right
arm that couldn’t even be considered muscular.

There weren’t any handholds on the wall, as smooth as a

mirror, and I couldn’t stab the sword in any further. All was

below my body was the never-ending empty sky. Moreover, not
only my right hand, gripping onto the sword, was reaching its
18

Sword Art Online 13 - Alicization Dividing

Chapter 10 - Integrity Knight Alice

limit; that applied to my left hand that had a female knight clad
in a heavy golden armor hanging off it too.

Physical fatigue in the alternate world, «Underworld»,

differed a little from its equivalent in the real world. Like reality,
walking long distances, running with all your might, undergoing
intense practice, or carrying heavy objects would tire one out,
but the problem laid in how that fatigue was treated the same

as injuries, reducing «Life»—the lives of Underworld dwellers,
rendered into numerical values, essentially their hit points.

Dying from exhaustion probably hardly happened in the real

world. Normally, one would be unable to keep up the activity

that caused the fatigue before it could inflict any severe damage
to the body. However, willpower breaks through physical limits
at times in this world. To state an extreme example, even

continuing to run while enduring fatigue and pain until one’s
Life hits zero, then collapsing and dying instantly in that
moment would be possible.

I am currently supporting a ridiculous weight with nothing

but my own body. Thus, my Life value must be reducing at a

steady rate. Even if I continue tightly gripping my right and left

hands with spirit and guts, my Life will eventually become zero
and I will die. In all likelihood, this female knight will crash

down onto the ground another few hundred meters below and
die when my right hand leaves this sword in that instant.
19

Sword Art Online 13 - Alicization Dividing

Chapter 10 - Integrity Knight Alice

In addition, I am not the only one receiving damage. My

beloved sword, too, was supporting an enormous load beyond
its limit with its tip alone. And that was after activating the

extremely Life-draining «armament full control art» a whole
two times in the battles thus far. I can’t open up the Stacia

window and check the value in this situation, but it wouldn’t be
strange at all for it to reach zero within several minutes. The
sword would then break and couldn’t be repaired simply by
storing it in its sheath.

The sword would be too pitiful, breaking without its name

even decided, and besides, I would have fallen onto the ground
and died already. As such, I had to do something about this

situation as soon as possible, but hanging on alone took up all of
my strength and in addition to that—

“That’s enough, release your hand!”

The woman dangling below me—the golden integrity knight

holding onto the sacred tool, «Fragrant Olive Sword», Alice
Synthesis Thirty, shouted out yet again.

“I have no intention of having my life saved by a major

criminal like yourself and live in dishonor!”

While swaying her entire body in an attempt to extricate her

gripped right hand. Damp with sweat in my hand, the gauntlet
grew a little slippery.
“…Uooh… you…”

20

Sword Art Online 13 - Alicization Dividing

Chapter 10 - Integrity Knight Alice

I somehow suppressed the swaying while incomprehensible

sounds escaped from me. However, the tip of the black sword,
dug into the wall, got drawn out by a mil by the shaking. I

desperately regained a stable posture before glancing down and
screaming out loud.

“Don’t move, idiot! If you’re supposed to be an integrity

knight, then realize that nothing will be solved if you just give
yourself up to despair here, idiot!”
“Wha…”

The white face that peeked out from under my feet quickly

blushed red.

“And… and you dare to make a mockery of myself again!

Retract that this instant, criminal!”

“Shut up! I’m calling you an idiot because you’re an idiot,

idiot! Idiooot!”

Unaware of whether I wanted to draw her into negotiations

through provocation or if blood was just rushing up to my head,
I cried out loud once more.

“Got it!? If you fall and die all by yourself here, Eugeo who’s

still left in the tower will go straight to the highest minister, you
know! And yet, it’s supposed to be your duty to prevent that!

Then shouldn’t it be most important for you to stay alive by all

means now, as an integrity knight?! It’s because you’re an idiot
21

Sword Art Online 13 - Alicization Dividing

Chapter 10 - Integrity Knight Alice

who can’t understand such a rationale; that’s why I’m calling
you an idiot!!”

“Kuh… s-so you even dare to voice out that humiliating insult

eight times, don’t you…”

Likely never been called an idiot ever since she woke up as an

integrity knight, Alice’s cheeks blushed and the corners of her
eyes lifted in rage. The glistening Fragrant Olive Sword in her

left hand lifted up a little and a chill ran through me, afraid that

she might be thinking about cutting me and causing both of our
deaths, but it seemed her reason scarcely surpassed her

impulse, as the sword hung down powerlessly once again.
“…I see, your words do make sense. However…”

The integrity knight’s teeth, much like pearl beads, gnashed

firmly together and she rebutted.

“Then why will you not release that hand!? If the reason is not

pity, against which I would find death more tolerable, how
could you possibly prove it!?”

Pity—wasn’t the reason. After all, the act of rescuing Alice

itself was precisely half of the reason why Eugeo and I set this
Central Cathedral as our aim.

However, I didn’t have anywhere near enough time to

leisurely explain that from the start. And before everything else,
the one Eugeo wanted to help was technically not Integrity
22

Sword Art Online 13 - Alicization Dividing

Chapter 10 - Integrity Knight Alice

Knight Alice Synthesis Thirty, but his childhood friend who got
kidnapped form Rulid Village eight years ago, Alice Schuberg.

I tried my hardest to rack my brain, almost overheating from

the excess load, searching for any excuse at all that could satisfy
Alice. But there was no way I could come up with such a thing
on the spot. With things at this point, I had no choice but to
state a part of the truth.

“I… Eugeo and I didn’t climb the cathedral all this way

because we wanted to destroy the Axiom Church.”

Looking straight down at Alice’s blue eyes, exuding an intense

light, I frantically forced my words out.

“We’re the same too, in how we want to protect the Human

World from the Dark Territory’s invasion. We even fought with
a group of goblins in the mountain range at the edge two years
ago… even if I say so, I guess you wouldn’t believe me. That’s
why we can’t have you, known as one of the strongest even

among the integrity knights, die here. Your strength’s essential.”
It must have been outside of her expectations as Alice knitted

her brows in silence, but immediately gave a barbed reply.

“Then for what reason have you swung that sword at another

human and broke the worst taboo of making another shed
blood?!”

23

Sword Art Online 13 - Alicization Dividing

Chapter 10 - Integrity Knight Alice

The sentiment of genuine righteousness—even if that had

been warped by the highest minister to suit her purposes—
flared up and burnt in her two eyes as Alice shouted.

“For what reason have you hurt all of those knights, starting

from Eldrie Synthesis Thirty-one?!!”

There were unfortunately no words within myself to refute

the girl’s enquiry. In the end, though the lines I spoke to Alice
about wanting to protect the Human World were my true
feelings, they were also a great deceit at the same time.

If I reach the highest floor of the cathedral, then fight and win

against the highest minister, Administrator, the hermit,

Cardinal, would recover all of her authority. And it was likely

that girl would try to reset the Underworld to its original state

in order to prevent that disaster soon to come. I have absolutely
no idea on how to avert the end where everything returns to
null at the present moment.

However. If Alice and I were to both crash and die here, the

tragedy befalling the world would be on an even larger scale.
With Cardinal still deprived from her authority, the «final

load experiment phase»—the invasion from the Dark Territory

in other words, will begin and the integrity knights Eugeo and I
fought and injured would likely be crushed along with

Administrator, with the humans massacred amidst their agony
and sorrow without a single person remaining.
24

Sword Art Online 13 - Alicization Dividing

Chapter 10 - Integrity Knight Alice

What I couldn’t bear most was the fact that I would simply

awaken inside a «Soul TransLator» somewhere in the real

world even if I lost my life in this world. The Underworld people
would die at the end of their hellish anguish while I return to

the real world alone without a single injury— No matter what, I
definitely cannot accept such a development.
“…I…”

I wonder what could I impart to the current Alice, a guardian

of the church and order, even with all of this insignificant time I
had left. But even if those words do not reach her, I have no
means left aside from talking about that with all my heart.

“Eugeo and I slashed Raios Antinous and Humbert Zizek

because the Axiom Church and the Taboo Index are flawed.

Don’t you understand that just as well deep down? The Taboo

Index doesn’t forbid it, so the upper class nobles can do as they
please with girls that didn’t even commit a single crime, like

Ronye and Tiezé… do you honestly believe that’s forgivable?!”

The scene I caught sight of two days ago in a room of the elite

swordsmen-in-training dormitory—of Tiezé and Ronye who
had their entire bodies mercilessly bound up, their cheeks

damp with tears, came back to me in a flashback and my whole
body shook violently. The sword point thrust into the wall

creaked once again, but I shouted with hardly any care for that.
“What do you think! Answer me, integrity knight!!”
25

Sword Art Online 13 - Alicization Dividing

Chapter 10 - Integrity Knight Alice

My raging emotions became a single tear that fell from the

corner of my eye, hit Alice’s forehead as she dangled below, and

scattered. The golden knight drew in a sharp breath and opened
her two eyes wide.

The voice that soon leaked out from her slightly trembling

lips seemed to have lost much of its earlier rigidity.

“…The law, is the law… and crimes, are crimes. How could

order be maintained if the masses are permitted to arbitrarily
decide on them?”

“Exactly who’s to decide whether the one who made those

laws, the highest minister, Administrator, is just or not? The

gods of the Celestial World!? Then why haven’t I incurred divine
punishment, getting hit by lightning and burnt to death right
this moment!?”

“The gods—Stacia-sama’s plans are naturally made clear

through the actions taken by us, her attendants!”

“Eugeo and I climbed all this way in order to make that clear!

To defeat Administrator and prove that it is a mistake! And for
that exact, same reason…”

I glanced upwards and confirmed that my beloved sword

wedged in the wall was finally reaching its limit. The tip would
break or slip the next time Alice moves, no, the next time the

wind decides to send a gust this way and we will likely crash
down together.

26

Sword Art Online 13 - Alicization Dividing

“…I can’t have you dying here!!”

Chapter 10 - Integrity Knight Alice

Taking in a deep breath and putting it all into my abdomen, I

gathered all of the energy I had left.
“—Uoooh!!”

All of my spirit surging out, I hauled up Alice who dangled off

my left hand. A violent pain ran through the joints at my arms
and shoulders, but I somehow brought Alice up to the same
height, then shouted out with the rest of my strength.

“Get your sword through that seam…! I can’t hold on anymore,

please!”

I stared hard at Alice’s much distorted face right beside me

with a frantic look.

After an instant of silence, Alice moved her left arm and the

Fragrant Olive Sword deeply stabbed its point into the gap
between the marble with a sharp noise.

The black sword drew out from the stone wall’s seam at

nearly the same time and my left hand separated itself from
Alice’s hand as well, having lost its grip.

Amidst the panic shooting through me from head to toe, I fell

down a long, long distance and «Death» approached me in the
end within my mind for an instant.

27

Sword Art Online 13 - Alicization Dividing

Chapter 10 - Integrity Knight Alice

However, what I actually felt were only a moment of

weightlessness and a sudden shock. Alice’s right hand that

flashed like lightning seized my coat’s collar from the back.
After affirming that Alice’s sword and arms were firmly

supporting both of our weight, I let out a deep breath. My heart,
beating at the rate of an alarm clock, gradually slowed down
and I finally felt at ease.
“……”

I looked up at the one with whom I had traded places with,

both physically and mentally, in a mere one second in silence.
Appearing as though she was being tortured by the entire

variety of contradictory emotions, the golden integrity knight
had her teeth clenched together hard. Signs of the clenched
hand holding me by the scruff of my neck slackening and

tightening repeated over and over again right behind my neck.
I didn’t know of anyone from the Underworld capable of

hesitating in such a perilous situation aside from Eugeo. The

rest of the humans—the artificial fluctlights were blindly loyal

to their standards for good and evil, unfaltering over important
choices. To say it in another manner, their important decisions
were constantly made by something else, or someone else.
In other words, I could understand that a «humanity»

exceeding many others from the Underworld hid itself in
Integrity Knight Alice’s psyche from this single incident.
28

Sword Art Online 13 - Alicization Dividing

Chapter 10 - Integrity Knight Alice

Especially so, considering the alterations the highest minister,
Administrator, had committed on her soul.

I couldn’t judge how much conflict there must be in Alice’s

mind. However, after several extremely long seconds, my body
was easily pulled up to my previous height.

Unlike the girl, I had no need to hesitate. I immediately thrust

the black sword into the marble’s seam, even after all it had
been through, and let out yet another deep breath.

The moment my stance stabilized, Alice drew back her right

hand and even averted her face in a huff. Her voice, delivered by
the wind, was feeble unlike its tone.

“…I wasn’t helping you, I was merely returning the favor…

besides, I have yet to reach the conclusion with your swords.”
“I see… We’re equals with this now, then.”

Taking caution with my words, I moved my mouth.

“And so, I do have a proposal… as things stand, we have to

return back into the tower at any cost. So, wouldn’t you
consider a truce for the time being?”
“…A truce?”

I could sense a really suspicious look directed at me from her

face, slightly inclined towards me.

29

Sword Art Online 13 - Alicization Dividing

Chapter 10 - Integrity Knight Alice

“Yes. It’s no longer possible to break the cathedral’s outer

wall and it’s no easy task to climb it either. Our survival rate
should increase if the two of us work together, rather than

going through it alone. Of course, things would be different if
you have a convenient method to return inside.”
“……”

Alice chewed on her lips in chagrin but immediately replied in

a murmur.

“…I would had used it already if I had such a method.”

“That’s true. So, can I consider you agreeable to the truce and

cooperation?”

“Before that… you mentioned cooperation, but what exactly

does that refer to?”

“Helping out each other if the other seems to be falling, just

that. We could hold on better if we had a rope or something, but
I suppose that’s asking for too much.”

Not looking at me any longer, the integrity knight sank into

another long silence, but eventually nodded slightly in a nearly
imperceptible motion.

“It is a reasonable proposal… I have to admit. There’s no

helping it…”

As a replacement, Alice continued while giving me one final

glare.

30

Sword Art Online 13 - Alicization Dividing

Chapter 10 - Integrity Knight Alice

“I will cut you the instant we return into the tower. Be certain

not to forget that one point.”
“…I’ll keep that in mind.”

Nodding once more to my reply, Alice cleared her throat as

though to shift her thoughts.

“Well then… you required a rope? Are you not holding on to

any unnecessary cloth?”
“Cloth…”

I looked down at my body, but thinking about it, I didn’t even

have a single handkerchief in my pockets. I could have taken

out piles of spare clothes or mantles from my storage if this was
the Alfheim I dearly missed, unfortunately, that convenient
function didn’t exist in the Underworld.

“…Even if you ask, there’s nothing more than this shirt and

these trousers. I’ll strip if I need to, though.”

When I shrugged only my left shoulder as I replied, Alice

made her most profound grimace yet and shouted.

“We will not stoop to that! …Goodness, it’s shocking how you

thought to go into battle with merely a sword on you.”

“Hey, hey, the one who rounded up Eugeo and me from the

Sword Mastery Academy with only the clothes on our back was
you, wasn’t it?”

31

Sword Art Online 13 - Alicization Dividing

Chapter 10 - Integrity Knight Alice

“And you broke into the cathedral’s armory after that, haven’t

you. There should have been bundles of high quality rope over…
aah, that’s it, this is a waste of time.”

Alice flicked her head away with a hmph and raised her right

arm clad in a golden gauntlet. But she apparently realized she
couldn’t take her left hand off her sword’s grip there, as she
scowled. Jerking her arm in front of me, she ordered.
“Unfasten my gauntlet with your free hand.”
“Hah?”

“And pay extra attention to not touch my skin. Hurry up!”
“……”

According to Eugeo’s recollections, Alice was apparently a

cheerful and energetic girl, more gentle than anyone else, when
she lived in Rulid. If that was the case, where exactly did her

current personality that seemed the polar opposite sprout out
from?

While thinking about such things, I brought up my left hand

that finally regained its sense of touch, then unfastened the

gauntlet’s clasp. Alice, who made me hold onto the gauntlet,
quickly pulled out her right hand and brandished her pale,
slender fingers while shouting out.
“System call!”

32

Sword Art Online 13 - Alicization Dividing

Chapter 10 - Integrity Knight Alice

Following the opening phrase for sacred arts, she rapidly

chanted an unfamiliar, complex art. The gauntlet in my hand let
out a dazzling light and its shape began to change at a

noticeable rate. Within mere seconds, my left hand held a neatly
bundled golden chain.

“Uooh… transmutation…?”

“Were you not listening? Or perhaps those aren’t ears on the

side of your face, but holes infested with insects? That was

merely transformation of its form, arts capable of changing the
properties of its material cannot be used by anyone aside from
the esteemed highest minister.”

Upon apologizing with a “sorry” to Alice, who apparently had

no intention to change her sharp tongue even after consenting
to the cease-fire agreement, I tested the chain’s toughness. My
teeth felt like they were going to fall out when I held its end in

my mouth and pulled, so I relaxed my mouth in a fluster. I had
no qualms, since it seemed to be tough enough despite being

thinner than a little finger and even had sturdy-looking clasps
at both ends to boot.

Firmly fastening one end to my belt, I offered the other end

and Alice took it with a tug and kept it into her sword belt’s

metal fittings. The length of the dangling chain was about five

meters. For the time being, we should be more or less safe even
if our hands slip, unless we both fall.
33

Sword Art Online 13 - Alicization Dividing

Chapter 10 - Integrity Knight Alice

“Now then…”

Scanning the surrounding again, I confirmed the situation we

were in.

Judging from the direction of the sun, we were dangling on

the Central Cathedral’s west wall. The sky overhead was in the
midst of turning from blue to violet with the sun coming from

behind dying the tower’s white wall a bright orange. Guess the
current time was around three in the afternoon.

Hesitantly gazing downwards towards my feet, I could see

pale, hovering clouds passing by, the miniature-like garden, the
stone walls encompassing that, and even the streets of Central
Centoria split into four by the «immortal walls», making me

ascertain just how ridiculously tall the cathedral was once again.
Each floor of the tower should be around six meters, inclusive

of the floor’s thickness, so the eightieth floor, «Cloudtop

Garden», where I fought with Alice would be at a relative height
of four hundred and eighty meters—no, adding on fiftieth floor,
«Grand Cloister of Spiritual Light», with its abnormally high
ceiling, about five hundred meters, huh. Our Lives would

definitely vanish in an instant if we fall. In addition, this body

would turn into fine dirt without even leaving a corpse behind,
probably. The wind was calm now, but I didn’t know how long
that would last.

34

Sword Art Online 13 - Alicization Dividing

Chapter 10 - Integrity Knight Alice

My back shuddered before I gripped my sword again with my

right hand and wiped the sweat running over my left palm on
my trousers.

“Ermm… just checking, but…”

Alice, also peeking at her feet beside me, raised her face when

I called out. It might just be my imagination how her

complexion seemed worse than earlier, but her tone was curt as
always.

“What?”

“No, well… I thought a grand knight like yourself, capable of

using advanced sacred arts like changing the form of objects
would know some art for flight… or not, huh, sorry.”

Despite my prompt apology at her sharply raising eyebrows,

Alice berated me without mercy.

“Just what did you learn in the academy? Even the youngest

ascetic apprentice would know that the only person capable of
flight arts in the vast Human World is the esteemed highest
minister!”

“That’s why I said ‘just checking’, right?! You don’t have to get

that angry!”

“It’s due to that strangely insulting way you put it!”

It gradually appeared clear that this Integrity Knight Alice’s

personality had a conclusively horrible affinity with me,
35

Sword Art Online 13 - Alicization Dividing

Chapter 10 - Integrity Knight Alice

without even considering our respective standpoints, but I

continued my questions while restraining the urge to retort.
“…Then, I’m just checking this time too, but… how about

calling for that huge flying dragon I hung off all the way here?”
“Your suggestions are becoming increasingly foolish.

Approaching any flying dragons is only permitted on the

thirtieth floor’s landing platform. No ridden dragon will go close
to any higher, not even oji-sama… no, not even the Knight
Commander’s.”

“Th-There’s no way I would know of an arrangement like that,

right?!”

“You should have realized it when you knew the flying dragon

landing platform was built on the thirtieth floor!”

I had no idea how many times had we done so already, but we

glared at each other for another three whole seconds before I
swallowed down the anger directed at the great integrity

knight’s irrational remark and turned my head back, speaking.
“…Then there goes the path of escaping by flying… I guess.”

Alice, on the other hand, seemed to have taken another two

seconds before she regained her cool, but her blue eyes glanced
this way and she nodded.

36

Sword Art Online 13 - Alicization Dividing

Chapter 10 - Integrity Knight Alice

“Not even birds approach the upper floors of the cathedral. I

do not know the specifics, but I have heard a unique art
wrought by the highest minister’s hand is at work.”
“So that’s it… that’s meticulous.”

I surveyed the surrounding again, then saw that although

there were bird-like silhouettes extremely far away, they

certainly showed no sign of approaching. This could be said to
be the embodiment of the transcendental magic ability and

unhealthy wariness of the most influential being, Administrator.
On that line of thought, the abnormal height of this tower, too,
seemed to be a symbol of her authority while being an
expression of fear towards unseen enemies.

“In that case, there are three choices remaining… to descend,

to ascend, or to break through the wall again, huh.”

“The third will likely be difficult. Like the «immortal walls»,

the cathedral’s outer walls should endowed with practically
infinite Life and the nature to repair themselves. The same
applies to the glass on the lower floors.”

“Then, that makes descending to the windows pointless too,

huh…”

When I muttered so, Alice lightly nodded before she spoke.

“…In the first place, I find it hard to believe a hole could have

opened up in the wall from within the tower earlier… there is

no way to think about it aside from it being an one-in-a-million
37

Sword Art Online 13 - Alicization Dividing

Chapter 10 - Integrity Knight Alice

stroke of misfortune caused by that abnormal power released
when our armament full control arts combined. My goodness,
what a meaningless deed you’ve done.”
“……”

We would get into a spiral of quarrels if I retort here, I

thought as I held it in, getting it to settle down after merely
heavy breathing, before I asked.

“…But in that case, wouldn’t it be logical for the wall to break

if we bring about that same phenomenon again?”

“The probability is not a complete zero, but… it would be

difficult to return inside in the few seconds before the hole

automatically repairs and there’s one more thing to note, that I
have already used this child’s… this «Fragrant Olive Sword»’s
full control art twice. I cannot use the art unless I allow it to
bask in plenty of sunlight or let it rest in its scabbard.”

“That’s true, it’s the same for me. I’ll have to put it in my

sheath… or rather, there’s quite a lot of stress being placed on it
just by dangling like this, right? It’s best to get a move on soon,
regardless of whether we’re descending or ascending.”

I tried feeling over the marble wall with my left hand as I

spoke, but the number of bumps and dips was a hopeless nil.
Blocks, with sides of roughly two meters at least, piled on

forever neatly, without even a window visible on this west side.
38

Sword Art Online 13 - Alicization Dividing

Chapter 10 - Integrity Knight Alice

Breaking it apparently wouldn’t be possible either, even if there
was one, according to Alice.

As for a method for moving across the wall, there probably

weren’t any aside from preparing something like a piton 2 used
in rock climbing and driving that into the seams between the
marble. There wasn’t any great difference in effort between

ascending or descending, so I would rather set the floors above
as my goal, but the problem with that would be that—

I stared at Alice on my left with the most serious expression I

could muster and asked, resigned to the low chance of getting a
reply.

“If we were to head upwards… is there somewhere we can

return into the tower from?”

Alice showed a hesitating expression as expected and chewed

on her lips at that. If we could enter the tower by climbing, that
would indeed be extremely close to the highest floor where

Administrator resides. Guiding an enemy of the church to such a
place would be nearly the same as committing a taboo as an
integrity knight, a guardian.
However—

Piton – Pitons are metal spikes used in climbing stuff, by driving them
into holes or gaps. However, the original word used here was “haken”, a
German word commonly used in Japanese to refer to that, rather than an
English word.
2

39

Sword Art Online 13 - Alicization Dividing

Chapter 10 - Integrity Knight Alice

Alice drew in a deep breath, then put strength into her gaze

and nodded.

“There is. On the ninety-fifth floor, a place called the

«Morning Star Lookout», should be entirely see-through, with

only pillars for its four walls. We should be able to easily return
inside if we could climb up there. …However.”

A remarkably strong gleam resided in her two blue eyes.

“Even if we reach the ninety-fifth floor, I will cut you there

without fail.”

Taking on the integrity knight’s gaze, filled with enough

resolve to cause a prickly numbness on my nape, head-on, I
nodded in return.

“That’s our agreement from the start, after all. Well—you’re

okay with climbing the wall, then?”

“…Very well. It is more pragmatic than descending to the

ground from here. However… despite how assuredly you said it,
how do you intend on climbing this vertical wall?”

“Well, obviously, we’re going to run vertically… no, that’s a

joke.”

After clearing my throat in a bid to escape Alice’s glance that

had rapidly froze down to below absolute zero, I swapped my

sword to my left hand, held out my right palm, and chanted an
art.

40

Sword Art Online 13 - Alicization Dividing

Chapter 10 - Integrity Knight Alice

“System call! Generate metallic element!“

A metallic element, shining like mercury, was instantly

created, so I altered its form with a supplement art and the

power of my imagination. Pulling it out to a length of around

fifty centimeters and sharpening its point to the shape of a thin
blade, I made an impromptu large piton which I firmly held
onto.

Looking up at the stone seam my black sword was thrust into

overhead, I swung my right hand with force.
“Hmph!”

Upon driving in the piton with as much strength as I could

muster, fortunately, the blade portion stabbed into the narrow
gap without breaking. I tried to pry it out, upwards and

downwards, but it seemed like it would stay fixed without issue
even if my body weight hung off it.

The Lives of objects created through sacred arts were

exceedingly low, vanishing in a few hours even when left alone.
Hence, the lifeline connecting Alice and myself wasn’t used in

the end, but it would suffice if it was strong enough to support
us as we climbed the wall.

While sensing Alice’s usual suspicious look, I firmly gripped

the piton with my right hand and drew my black sword that had
been abused to its limit with my left. I stored that into the
sheath on my waist, then dangled off the piton extruding
41

Sword Art Online 13 - Alicization Dividing

Chapter 10 - Integrity Knight Alice

around forty centimeters from the wall with both hands and
treated it as a horizontal bar as I did a kip3.

Although my physical ability in the Underworld didn’t reach

mine at the end of the SAO period that would make a B movie’s
ninja ashamed, it still far more nimble, yet brawny, when

compared to the real world. Placing my right foot on the bar, I

steadily placed my left hand onto the wall while lifting my body
up in a single stroke and succeeded in standing atop the thin,
metallic rod.

“Are… are you all right?”

After lowering my sight at that hoarse voice, I saw Alice

gripping tightly onto the golden chain with her free hand and
looking up at me with a somewhat pale face. That expression
gave off an unexpectedly childish impression and made me

want to pretend I was falling against my better judgement, but
killed that thought, knowing this wasn’t the place for it.
“I’m fine… I think.”

Casually giving a signal with my right hand, I chanted the art

again and brought forth a new piton. Driving it into the next gap
I could see overhead with plenty of strength, I climbed up with

the same process as earlier. While embracing a modest sense of
accomplishment over finally advancing, though it was merely
two meters, I called out to Alice below.
3

A manoeuvre used in gymnastics.

42

Sword Art Online 13 - Alicization Dividing

Chapter 10 - Integrity Knight Alice

“Alright, looks like it works! Like what I did, come up that

first piton… no, that metal rod.”

However, the integrity knight remained still while looking up

at me. Her lips made a small movement before long and a faint
voice reached me.
“…an’t.”

“Hah? What did you say?”
“…I can’t, that’s what!”

“No… no, you can. With that strength of yours, pulling your

own body up would be…”

“That’s not what I meant!”

Alice strongly shook her head and repelled the

encouragement I crudely gave her.

“…As it is my first time stuck in such a situation… i-it might be

a disgrace, but it’s already taking everything I have to hang off
like this. An unspeakable act like climbing onto that thin
foothold would simply…”

I was briefly rendered speechless at Alice’s fragile voice that

again seemed as though it would vanish.

43

Sword Art Online 13 - Alicization Dividing

Chapter 10 - Integrity Knight Alice

44

Sword Art Online 13 - Alicization Dividing

Chapter 10 - Integrity Knight Alice

In general, the people of the Underworld tended to react

poorly towards situation beyond their expectations or common
sense. Their adaptability towards «originally impossible

circumstances» was especially low, with extreme cases like the
elite swordsman-in-training, Raios, whose two arms were

severed by my sword, getting his fluctlight crumbling away his
Life extinguished—or so I conjectured.

I suppose not even an integrity knight should be capable of

dealing with this situation of getting hurled out into the empty
skies from a huge hole opened up in the tower’s wall, that

should have been unbreakable, and stuck dangling from a super
high area without a single foothold where even flying dragons
did not trespass. Or possibly—Alice Synthesis Thirty, who

boasts of boundless skill with the sword, was just a single girl at
heart too.

Whichever it was, hearing this proud integrity knight plea for

help would probably be strictly restricted to a situation like
right now. Having judged that, I shouted.

“Got it! I’ll pull you up to the foothold with the chain, then!”
Alice chewed on her lips with a look that appeared like she

was weighing her pride against her fear when I did, but

apparently had no intention of reversing her previous order of

priorities as she gripped the golden chain with a very mild nod.
“…I’ll be in your hands.”

45

Sword Art Online 13 - Alicization Dividing

Chapter 10 - Integrity Knight Alice

While enduring the impulsive urge to tease her incensed by

her nearly mute voice, I caught hold of the chain as well.
“Right, I’ll lift you up slowly, then. Here I go.”

I cautiously pulled up the chain after that single line. My

foothold, the piton, creaked softly, but it seemed it could bear
the weight of two if it was for a short time. Taking care not to

jolt it, I lifted the great golden knight a meter before holding the
chain still for the moment.

“…Alright, you can pull your sword out now.”

Alice nodded and delicately extracted her Fragrant Olive

Sword from the stone wall it had been thrust into. The chain

weighed down anew in that instant, but I kept it under control
somehow.

Upon confirming she had sheathed her sword, I continued

pulling up. I called out once more after Alice’s boots got onto
the first piton.

“Hold onto the wall with both hands… yeah, alright, I’ll be

letting the chain go.”

I couldn’t see her expression from this angle, but Alice

desperately tried to stick onto the wall and haphazardly shook
her head. While imagining her expression likely present below

her golden hair, fluttering in the wind, I gently lowered my right
arm. The knight ended up reeling a little atop the thin piton, but
immediately regained her balance.
46

Sword Art Online 13 - Alicization Dividing

Chapter 10 - Integrity Knight Alice

“Whew…”

I let a deep breath escape.

I had no idea how many meters away was that «Morning Star

Lookout» place, said to be on the ninety-fifth floor, but anyway,

we should eventually reach there if I repeated this process. The
problem would be how it would likely turn night before we got
there, at the rate we climbed a single block, so we should get

mentally prepared to settle down for the night while dangling
off the wall.

“I’ll be climbing up another, then.”

After I declared downwards, Alice glanced up with a rigid face

and replied with a barely audible whisper mostly swept into the
noise from the wind.

“…Please be careful.”
“Got it.”

I made a distinct thumbs-up with my right hand—though that

gesture wasn’t used in the Underworld—then chanted the
system command to create a third piton.

Despite how Centoria should have been closing in to

midsummer, the sun mercilessly sank quicker and quicker once
it got started.

The white wall glowing with the setting sun’s orange shifted

through a fiery vermillion, then violet, before it settled on
47

Sword Art Online 13 - Alicization Dividing

Chapter 10 - Integrity Knight Alice

indigo, and I could see the mountain range at the edge cutting a
lonely horizontal line far-away in the west when I swept
through with a glance.

A multitude of stars had already been flickering into existence

overhead, but our climbing progress was by no means fast. An

unforeseen limit in the system had been tormenting us since an
hour ago or so.

Scaling up had been simple indeed. Creating a single piton

with sacred arts, securing that in the gap between the marble

blocks, and clambering atop it. Followed by pulling Alice up by

the chain and placing her onto the piton I stood on earlier; that

was all to it. Each set was reduced to below three minutes after
repeating it over ten times.

However, the problem laid with creating that crucial piton.

This world had no equivalent for that parameter called ‘mana

points’ in ALO. Any variant of the magic here, named ‘sacred
arts’, could be repeatedly used without cease, as long as the
user’s system access authority qualified for it.

However, that didn’t mean that it could be used infinitely,

anywhere and anytime. The rule of this world, that each and

every act of creation required resources, applied just as strictly
to sacred arts. Usage of the arts must consume precious

catalysts, the Lives for living beings, even humans, or the «space
resources» stored around the user.
48

Sword Art Online 13 - Alicization Dividing

Chapter 10 - Integrity Knight Alice

This space resources thing had no numerical value to go by

and was truly a troublesome matter to deal with. Basically, it

was supplied through the sunlight or the fertility in soil. A place
with fertile soil and basking in sufficient sunlight would be rich
in sources, enough for even continuous casts of advanced

sacred arts, but on the other hand, space resources would be

rapidly depleted in the room the sun cannot reach, of a building
made from stone, requiring a long period of time before the
resources would be recharged.

And abiding by the rule, Alice’s and my present

circumstances—stuck five hundred meters above the ground
and the sun sinking into the horizon, were close to the worst

possible conditions. To sum it up, the surrounding resources

would be exhausted by the sacred arts I had repeatedly chanted
and we would fail in creating those indispensable pitons for
scaling the wall.

“System call! Generate metallic element!”

Atop my palm, stretched out straight and seeking the dim

afterglow remaining, drifted desolate beads of silver light which
vanished in a puff of smoke.

I sighed and Alice spoke in a voice just as worn-out from two

meters below.

“…Creation of those apparatus must have greatly drained the

sacred power in the area… We could even consider ourselves
49

Sword Art Online 13 - Alicization Dividing

Chapter 10 - Integrity Knight Alice

lucky if we could create one every hour after Solus sets… —
How much have we climbed thus far?”

“Erm… I’m pretty sure we’re almost done with the eighty-fifth

floor.”

“It is still far until the ninety-fifth floor, isn’t it.”

I stubbornly gazed at the vanishing shade of violet in the skies,

then nodded.

“Yeah… one way or another, it’ll be too dangerous to climb

when it’s completely dark. Still… we can’t exactly rest in this
situation even if we were to settle down for the night…”

If worst comes to worst, we would have to rest while dangling

off the chain, but with how we couldn’t make any pitons and

how they vanish after tens of minutes, we could only resort to

our swords again as the support. But it was questionable if our
swords’ Lives could even hold until morning.

In hope that I could find something to hang the chain upon,

like some protrusion, I glared at the wall overhead, unwilling to
give up. And—
“Ah…”

There were elaborate silhouettes sticking out from the wall,

spaced out regularly, just around eight meters above, weren’t
there. It appeared the mist coiling around the tower
50

Sword Art Online 13 - Alicization Dividing

Chapter 10 - Integrity Knight Alice

disappeared upon sunset and revealed the hidden objects’
visages.

“Hey, over there… do you see something?”

After I shouted out while pointing, Alice, near my feet, raised

her face as well. Her blue eyes squinted and she answered.

“I do… could those be statues or something similar? That said,

why would they be at such a high… There wouldn’t be anyone
around to look at them.”

“It doesn’t matter what they are as long as we can sit on them

and rest. Still, there are still eight met… eight mel before

reaching there. I could climb up there, but I guess I’ll need
another three metal rods…”
“Three… I see.”

Alice could be seen pondering for a moment before she

immediately nodded.

“Understood. I had planned to save this until it truly came in

necessary, but… it appears now would be the time.”

She leaned against the wall the moment she said thusly and

removed the gauntlet equipped on her left hand. Staring at the
armor that radiated a faint, golden light even in this shadowy
darkness, she chanted the starting phrase for sacred arts.

A fleeting flash of light shot out as the chant, done several

times more fluent than I could have, ended—the gauntlet had
51

Sword Art Online 13 - Alicization Dividing

Chapter 10 - Integrity Knight Alice

already changed its form into three pitons before I could

process that. Perhaps Alice’s form transformation art had been
more cost-effective than element generation arts, for it bore
fruit even in our surroundings’ scantiness of resources.
“Do use these.”

Alice fully extended her right hand, gripping onto the pitons,

towards me who was two meters higher. I leaned my body over
the foothold and received those precious tools with caution.
“Thanks, those’ll help.”

“Should the need arise, I do have some armor remaining,

but…”

I gave the gorgeous breastplate covering Alice’s upper half a

glance and shook my head.

“No… let’s keep that in reserve until the very end. Never know

when we might need it…”

Slowly standing up, I stuck two among the three pitons Alice

made for me into my belt and firmly gripped the last one.
“Uryaa!”

The golden stake I drove in with a shout pierced deep into the

gap with an entirely different level of tenacity compared to the

ones made from metallic elements as expected. Climbing atop it

via the horizontal bar exercise I’d gotten rather used to, I pulled
Alice up with the lifeline.

52

Sword Art Online 13 - Alicization Dividing

Chapter 10 - Integrity Knight Alice

Repeating that process yet another time, I could clearly

recognize that mysterious object even in the dim light upon
getting within four meters of it.

It really was a stone statue. A narrow terrace stretched out

left and right, as if surrounding the cathedral’s outer walls, and
several quite large statues lined up atop that.

However, those were no divine figures like the goddesses and

angels I’d seen countless times within the tower.

They were shaped like humans, but their posture, with their

legs crooked in a squat and their arms folded onto their laps,

had no association with chasteness. Rugged, boorish muscles
bulged on their limbs and wings, sharp as knives, extended
from their backs.

And the statues’ heads could be described as nothing other

than grotesque. A rounded mouth was carved into its front at
the end of a long arc. Their heads alone bore a close
resemblance to weevils or something similar.
“Ugh… that’s one gross design.
I muttered;

“Eh…!? Th-Those are… the Dark Territory’s…!”

and Alice let a surprised voice escape before that moment.

The crouching stone statue directly above me swayed its head

left and right, and its circular mouth, that brought lampreys to
53

Sword Art Online 13 - Alicization Dividing

Chapter 10 - Integrity Knight Alice

mind, opened and shut bit by bit. It was no mere ornament
carved from stone. That was—living.

If this was a quest set up in a VRMMO game in the real world,

this was naturally the scene of an assault.

However, in this case, the scenario writer must have had

quite a sadistic streak or was a complete novice. After all, we,

the players, were on top of pitons that extruded less than even a
mere forty centimeters from this perpendicular wall and
couldn’t take a single step.

An unwinnable event—those useless words scrolled through

my mind, but immediately shook them off. I had absolutely no
hope for the development of some person dashingly saving us
even if we were to fall. We would have to rack our brains and
avert this crisis with our own strength. Otherwise, both Alice
and I would die.

As I steeled my resolve, the winged stone statue began to

change the tint of its entire body while trembling. Its skin,

originally grayish-white like the wall, started changing into a
viscous coal color from its tip.

Basaa! Without waiting for its black wings that caused that

loud noise as they stretched out, I drew my sword from my

waist. With my sight trained onto the winged monster, formerly
a stone statue, I called out to Alice two meters below.
54

Sword Art Online 13 - Alicization Dividing

Chapter 10 - Integrity Knight Alice

“Looks like we’ll have to fight here. Prioritize not falling over

everything else!”

However, I didn’t hear any immediate reply from the integrity

knight. Upon taking a brief glance below, I saw nothing show up
on Alice’s pale face, standing out in the twilight, except

astonishment. How could it be, why are those—that murmur
reached my ears via the updraft.

Why was the integrity knight, who should have known

everything about the Axiom Church, this shocked? I knew
nothing more than hearsay, but the highest minister,

Administrator, apparently had a predisposition towards

vigilance to an eccentric extent. It wouldn’t very much of a

surprise for her to deploy guardians to repel intruders forcibly
climbing the walls, not gaining enough calm of mind by simply

setting the upper portion of the tower as an area beyond flight.
That guardian—a monster that resembled the «gargoyles»

that frequently appeared in games of the real world, if ignoring

its head, grasped the terrace’s edge with its clawed hands, then
expelled air from its circular mouth with a loud “bushuu”. I

noticed the gargoyles on the left and right of the first one that

began moving were changing in body color as well, making me
shiver. If those were to be stationed across all four sides of the
cathedral’s outer walls, it wouldn’t be strange if their total
numbers exceed a hundred.
“Dammit…!”

55

Sword Art Online 13 - Alicization Dividing

Chapter 10 - Integrity Knight Alice

After turning my body while cursing, I brandished my sword

with my back leaned onto the wall, which already made me lose
much of my balance. Well, my foothold was only a single, thin
metal rod. I had no experience of fighting in such conditions,
even when considering my old SAO days.

What do we do—I heard the flapping noise of wings without

even given the time to ponder on that thought. I looked up and
there the gargoyle hovering with the dark blue skies as its

backdrop was, glaring at me with the round eyeballs attached to
the sides of its long and narrow head.

The monster was large beyond expectations, likely close to

two meters, from head to toe. In addition, its tail with a length
close to its body was languidly stretching out from behind its
waist.

“Bushaa!!”

I stared fixedly at the gargoyle that let out a bizarre voice like

steam escaping a valve and closed in with a backwards nose

dive. Fortunately, it didn’t seem to possess long range attack

potential, so its attack should be any of its four clawed limbs.
Right, left, up, or down—
“—Uoohh!?”

What soared this way while growling like a whip was its tail

with the tip sharpened to a knife-like point. Caught completely
unguarded, I screamed while twisting my head. The sharp
56

Sword Art Online 13 - Alicization Dividing

Chapter 10 - Integrity Knight Alice

pointed end made a shallow tear in my cheek, but I somehow
avoided a direct hit.

However, with my balance lost from that excessive motion,

my body lurched atop the piton.

Targeting me, desperately trying to brace myself, the gargoyle

still hovering before my eyes thrust its tail forth continuously.
I supported my body with my left hand and guarded the tail

attacks with the sword in my right, but it took my all just to

raise it as a shield’s substitute. I didn’t have the composure to
swing my sword and sever the tail at all.
“Kuh…”

I concluded this was no situation to hesitate and took my left

hand off the wall, then pulled out one of the pitons stuffed in my
belt. While making a mental image of the throwing skill’s

motion I trained back in SAO, I threw it with the gargoyle’s core
as my target.

I hadn’t put that much strength into it, but it appeared the

piton made from Alice’s gauntlet possessed quite a high priority
as the short javelin drew a golden arc in the dim light, stabbing
deep into the gargoyle’s abdomen.
“Bushii!”

57

Sword Art Online 13 - Alicization Dividing

Chapter 10 - Integrity Knight Alice

58

Sword Art Online 13 - Alicization Dividing

Chapter 10 - Integrity Knight Alice

Dusky blood spewed out from its round mouth and scattered,

and the monster unsteadily flapped its wings, taking a higher

position. It seems to have dealt a moderate amount of damage,
but unfortunately, that was not enough to make it retreat. A
hint of rage mixed into its pitch-black simple eyes, heavily

resembling those of insects, and the gargoyle glared at me.
I understood this wasn’t the time for it, but the thought

unconsciously came to me at a corner of my mind. Was it a

program manipulating that grotesque monster? Or perhaps,
that, too, was an artificial fluctlight like the people of the
Underworld…?

“Bushuuuu!!”

The new, strange cry threw my thoughts into disarray. Two

new gargoyles leapt off the terrace and were flying around in
circles as though they were awaiting a gap in my guard.

“Alice! Draw your sword, those monsters are going for you

too!”

I glanced straight down while crying out, but the knight

apparently had yet to recover from her distress of unknown
origin. She would either be skewered on a tail or fall off the
piton if she were to get attack as she was now.

Should I climb up to the terrace four meters above while the

gargoyles observe the situation? However, there was only one
59

Sword Art Online 13 - Alicization Dividing

Chapter 10 - Integrity Knight Alice

piton left in my belt. It would probably be impossible to ask that
enraged gargoyle to return the one stabbed in its stomach.

Perhaps the three monstrosities trying to intimidate me with

their strange spewing noises had finally decided to resume

their offensive, but noticeably shrill screams surged out from
them.

Now that it had come to this, I could only remove the lifeline

and jump at any enemies targeting Alice.

Thinking thusly, I searched for the chain connected to my

waist with my left hand. And my two eyes opened wide with
realization.

The chain was approximately five meters long. The terrace

overhead was four meters—
“Alice… Alice!!”

While sheathing my sword, I shouted as loud as I could.

The integrity knight’s body trembled with a start and those

blue eyes finally looked in this direction.
“Grip onto the chain tightly!!”

Just what are you thinking; Alice frowned as I grasped the

chain attached to her sword belt with both hands. I pulled it

hard and Alice’s body floated off the foothold. Catching hold of
the chain in a fluster, the knight let a hoarse voice escape.
60

Sword Art Online 13 - Alicization Dividing

Chapter 10 - Integrity Knight Alice

“…Don’t tell me you…”

“I’ll apologize as much as you want if we both live through

this!!”

Inhaling a deep breath, I mustered all my strength and pulled

up the chain, that the magnificent knight was dangling off, with
it—no, I flung it straight up. Her golden, long hair and pure
white skirt fluttering, Alice soared while following the
trajectory of a semi-circle.
“Kyaaaaa!!”

A surprisingly girlish shriek rang out as the integrity knight

passed in between the gargoyles and landed on the terrace four
meters above. To put it more accurately, perhaps I should

instead say that she crashed. Maybe I should take it as if I hadn’t
heard that “mugyuu”, unappropriate for a cultivated female
knight, that came before the shriek ended.

My body was thrown off the piton, my foothold, by the recoil

from the overly drastic throw. If Alice didn’t support me from

the terrace above, we would both be diving down to the ground
far below.

As expected, my courage froze over immediately after falling,

but the integrity knight responded to my hope, getting up on

the narrow terrace and holding the chain with both hands. Her
two legs stood firmly and stopped my descent before
“You… uuuuu!!”

61

Sword Art Online 13 - Alicization Dividing

Chapter 10 - Integrity Knight Alice

She pulled on the chain with all her strength while shouting

out in a voice filled with anger.

Soaring through the air like Alice did earlier, I had the air

knocked out of me the moment my back crashed into the

marble wall, but nothing felt more reliable than this terrace I
groveled upon now. I wanted to throw myself down on this

nostalgic horizontal surface forever, but Alice kicked my flank
and I reluctantly lifted my body.

“Wha… what were you thinking, you great fool!!”

“It’s not like I could help it, I could only… no, leave the talking

for later, they’re coming!”

I drew my sword again and pointed its end at the three

gargoyles in their sharp ascent.

Making use of the meager time before launching into battle to

check the surrounding terrain, I briefly swept my sight left and
right.

The terrace we clambered onto through a circus-like stunt

had a width of roughly one meter. It lacked decorative features,
being nothing more than a simple marble platform jutting out
vertically from the tower’s outer walls. No, it probably wasn’t
anything more or less than a shelf. It was something solely
meant for the practical use of setting the gargoyles on it.

Alice didn’t know about the existence of this terrace, so I held

a minor hope that a door or window might be set in the outer
62

Sword Art Online 13 - Alicization Dividing

Chapter 10 - Integrity Knight Alice

wall behind us, but unfortunately, there wasn’t a single opening.
All I could see was the view of the silhouettes of the

monstrosities yet to come alive lined up in a row until the faraway corner. Knowledge of their numbers from the repeated

affirmation inspired fear, but fortunately, the only ones moving
seemed to be the three that could be seen flying high.

Perhaps she finally got a hold of herself after securing a

reliable foothold, but Alice, too, slipped her Fragrant Olive
Sword out from its scabbard with a “shing”. However, the

doubts in her heart apparently hadn’t been resolved yet as a
hoarse murmur reached my ears.

“…There is no mistaking it… Why… would they be in…”

The gargoyles that ascended to the same altitude as the

terrace might have been wary towards the two brandished

swords, as they showed no sign of swooping in immediately.

While gazing at the monsters, lazily swaying in midair, I asked
Alice a question.

“Something’s been bothering me since earlier. You know

about those monsters?”
“…Yes, I do.”

Surprisingly enough, Alice immediately replied in the

affirmative.

“Those are made by the darkness arts magicians of the Dark

Territory, the wicked demons they employ. Following their
63

Sword Art Online 13 - Alicization Dividing

Chapter 10 - Integrity Knight Alice

example, we call them «minions». I believe that is Sacred
Tongue for «underlings» or «subordinates».”

“Minions… I can agree that they’re from the Dark Territory,

judging from their appearance, but why would something like

those be lined up along the entire wall of the most sacred place
in the Human World?”

“That is what I would like to know!”

Screaming that as though she was wringing the words out,

Alice tightly bit on her lips.

“…I understand this would never happen without you telling

me. I can hardly imagine that minions could slip through the

integrity knights’ observation and cross the mountain range at
the edge, trespassing all the way to the capital… and to such a
high location on the Central Cathedral too. Let alone…”
“Let alone someone of high authority in the church

intentionally setting them here… an act that would be definitely
impossible…?”

Alice scowled at me, half-consciously filling in the words cut

short, but made no attempt to rebut. Returning my sight to the
three gargoyles, the minions, who were still hovering, I
questioned once again.

“Tell me one more thing. Do those minions possess

intelligence? Do they talk like humans?”

Alice, who returned her sight to the front as well, appeared to

have shaken her head quickly.

64

Sword Art Online 13 - Alicization Dividing

Chapter 10 - Integrity Knight Alice

“That would be truly impossible. Unlike the goblins and orcs

living in the land of darkness, the minions are not alive. They
are soulless familiars created from lumps of earth by the

magicians serving the god of darkness, Vector… they only
understand some simple orders from their masters.”
“…I see.”

I hid a soft, relieved breath from Alice.

I was well enough aware that this was nothing more than

postponing the problem at hand, but I still feel a strong

hesitation against killing existences possessing the same
fluctlights as humans, even now.

Babies in this world are born between only male-female

couples who became married with recognition from the Axiom

Church—a system command exclusive for that likely exists—or
so the recluse, Cardinal, had said. Those who dwell in the Dark
Territory were no exception. In that case, minions created by

the not-sacred-arts darkness arts would not possess fluctlights,
but programmed code like wild animals.

Looking at it from that perspective, the hostility emitting

from the minions‘ insect-like simple eyes had the distinct digital
stench common to the mobs of monsters I fought back in SAO.

Their status might have switched from «watch on» to «attack»,
as the three beat their wings strongly simultaneously and
soared up high.

“—They’re coming!”

65

Sword Art Online 13 - Alicization Dividing

Chapter 10 - Integrity Knight Alice

I shouted and brandished my beloved sword once again. The

one who flew in straight away was the one with a golden piton
still stabbed into its abdomen, perhaps due to the hate earned
earlier.

This time, the claws on its two arms made a consecutive

assault instead of its tail. It couldn’t be said to be fast, but I had
difficulty getting the right timing, being in a fight against

monsters for the first time in a while. Devoting myself to

repelling the claws with my sword, I awaited an opportunity,

then saw a fleeting image of the unhurt pair rapidly descending
onto Alice on my left in a corner of my vision.
“Pay attention, there’re two of them!”

Despite my warning, made in genuine worry for the female

knight, the voice that came back was utterly indifferent.
“Who exactly do you think I am?”

Nimbly lowering her waist, she brandished her Fragrant Olive

Sword flat on her left.

Dobaa! With that tremendously hefty slashing sound, the

golden shimmer from her sword flash brightly enough to blind
even in the dim light.

A single, mere middle slash without feints or linked

techniques—it was what would be called a basic technique in
the «Aincrad style», «Horizontal». However, its speed and

weight were enough to make cold sweat gush out from me just
66

Sword Art Online 13 - Alicization Dividing

Chapter 10 - Integrity Knight Alice

by gazing at it from the side. What cornered me without
difficulty in that battle on the eightieth floor was the

overwhelming degree of completeness in that single strike that
forgave neither evasion nor defense. It was a might that easily
pulverized my belief in the excellence of consecutive hit skills
that I held throughout my long years of living in VRMMOs.

Before Alice, still after having swung her sword, the four arms

of the two minions fell. Following that, despite how they should
have been beyond her reach, their torsos split apart around
their chests without a sound.

Dusky blood heartily spewed out from the monsters that

crashed without letting out a single scream. Naturally, not a
single drop came into contact with Alice.

The integrity knight who roused her body as though nothing

had actually happened turned to me, still stuck in a one-sided
defensive battle, and spoke in a vaguely sarcastic tone.
“Would you require any assistance?”
“…N-No thank you.”

After politely refuting her proposal with the minimal of

obstinacy, I evaded the consecutive attacks from theminion‘s

two arms, two legs, plus its tail, that I finally saw the pattern for,
with a step. Turning towards the enemy that tried to regain its
distance, I released the consecutive hit skill ingrained into my
body.

67

Sword Art Online 13 - Alicization Dividing

Chapter 10 - Integrity Knight Alice

I had thought for a long time that it was strange the same

sword skills as the world of SAO would exist in the Underworld.
I went through multiple conjectures over these two years, but
had yet to reach a perfect answer. An engineer at Rath might
have made use of the «The Seed» package to construct the

virtual world, but as far as I knew, the sword skill system hadn’t
been included in The Seed. If it had, I should have been able to

activate sword skills in Gun Gale Online back when I converted.
There was a possibility that the wise sage who stayed hidden

in the Great Library Room, Cardinal, would know the truth, but

I hesitated in asking the girl for it. Cardinal was aware that all of
the Underworld’s inhabitants, including herself, were

existences brought to life for an experiment by a corporation in

the real world, Rath, and felt agony over her own fate. I couldn’t

bear to thrust a question that implied this world was in any way
fictional without the girl’s assent. In the first place, with things
progressed this far, the reason behind the existence of sword
skill was certainly not important. If it served its purpose and
granted me combat potential, that would suffice.

The sword in my right hand was tinged with a blue gleam and

I initiated the horizontal four hits skill, «Horizontal Square».
“Uo… ryaaa!”

The slash released with a somewhat uncouth shout wasn’t

meant to oppose Alice, but it slashed away theminion‘s two

arms and tail, smoothly severing its torso horizontally in the
68

Sword Art Online 13 - Alicization Dividing

Chapter 10 - Integrity Knight Alice

end. Bracing myself to not leap off the terrace with the excess

momentum, I looked on at the remains of the monster, now in
pieces, as they fell and sank into the sea of clouds far below.

If those lumps didn’t vanish in midair and fell before some

ascetic or anyone else taking a walk around the cathedral’s
inner court, there would be a huge uproar… while thinking
about such things;
“…Heh.”

Alice briefly muttered with a tone like that of a mentor

looking onto a disciple’s skills.

Sweeping the black sword left and right to clear it, I put it

back into the sheath at the left of my waist—I actually wanted

to equip it on my back, but there weren’t any sword belts of the
shoulder harness type in the armory—as I looked at the knight
from the side.
“…What?”

“No, I was merely thinking that you use strange skills. About

how it might draw some guests if you were to perform it at a
theater during the midsummer festivities.
“Well, thanks.”

After making a wry smile at the grand knight, using sarcasm

on every single little thing, I looked at Alice’s face from the front.
I voiced out the question that suddenly surfaced in my mind.
69

Sword Art Online 13 - Alicization Dividing

Chapter 10 - Integrity Knight Alice

“…Have you ever seen Centoria’s midsummer festival? If I had

to describe it, I would have to say it was mainly a festival for the
masses, with barely any of the students born as upper class
nobles in the Sword Mastery Academy going for it…”

Of course, there were exceptions, like Sortiliena-senpai, who I

served as a valet for, looking forward to it each year. Those
nostalgic thoughts came to me before Alice snorted.

“Please don’t associate me with those upper class nobles who

put on airs. Of course I’ve… went……”

Those scornful words gradually slowed down and eventually

cut off.

The knight frowned with her lips still slightly opened and cast

her eyes down as though she was searching for something.

Bring up her left hand that lost its gauntlet, she pressed her
finger tips against her smooth brow. Alice shook her head

countless times in that manner and slowly raised her face, then
murmured in a tone that seemed somewhat vague.

“No… I heard of that festival… from some ascetic. Integrity

knights are… forbidden from mingling with townspeople aside
from during duty, so…”
“……”

That was only natural. The integrity knights believe

themselves to have been existences summoned from the

Celestial World by the highest minister, Administrator, but that
70

Sword Art Online 13 - Alicization Dividing

Chapter 10 - Integrity Knight Alice

was actually false. Administrator had taken humans of

exceptional wisdom and might from the Human World to the

cathedral, then built them up to be knights with their previous
memories sealed away with the «Synthesis Ritual». Hence, it

would be terrible if those knights visit the lesser world more

than necessary and unexpectedly meet with their former family.
Alice’s number was thirty, which meant she was the «newest»

knight after Eldrie Synthesis Thirty-one who just became an

integrity knight this spring. She was likely synthesized within a
year from now and the girl was taken from Rulid Village eight

years ago, so she actually had a blank span of over seven years.
How exactly did Alice spend those days in the cathedral… I

didn’t know she learnt the sacred arts as a sister, or perhaps

spent it «frozen» by Administrator. However, maybe she had
visited Centoria’s midsummer festival before she became a

knight? Could it be that the memory, that should have been

sealed, revived for an instant due to the earlier conversation—?
In that case, if I were to continue asking about the

midsummer festival now, the «piety module» sealing Alice’s

memories could be removed like what happened when I fought
against Eldrie, couldn’t it?

Having thought of that, I started to open my mouth once again.

However, I clenched my teeth tight after taking in a breath.
Cardinal had said it. That to turn Knight Alice to Alice

Schuberg, Eugeo’s childhood friend, taking the piety module out
71

Sword Art Online 13 - Alicization Dividing

Chapter 10 - Integrity Knight Alice

wouldn’t be enough. That the «most important memory

fragment» stolen from Alice by the highest minister was
definitely necessary. Hence, if Alice’s module were to be

removed now, the girl should lose her consciousness in that

instant and become immobile. I would rather avoid that in the
present circumstances where we didn’t know when our next
enemy would appear.

First and foremost, Alice showed no sign of distress at all

when she saw Eugeo whom she had got on well with for several
years back in Rulid. In other words, that was how strong the
seal on Alice’s memories was. The chance of removing the

module with a topic like the midsummer festival was slim and

on the other hand, it might even cause her wariness towards me
to increase.

Alice suspiciously gazed at my face as I went through those

thoughts in silence, but soon scowled as though she had noticed
something again.

“The minions‘ blood bring about illness. Clean it off properly.”
“Nn? Aah…”

I noticed for the first time that several drops of the blood

spurted out from the demon had showered onto my left cheek

Alice pointed it out. In the moment I tried to wipe the pungent
fluid away with my shirt’s sleeve, a stinging reprimand came
flying.

72

Sword Art Online 13 - Alicization Dividing

Chapter 10 - Integrity Knight Alice

“Hey!”

It must have been years since someone got angry at me in

that manner… Alice glared at me, who was dumbfounded, with
a truly frustrated expression.

“Aah, that’s enough, just why are men so… Do you not carry

around even a single handkerchief?”

I fumbled around my trousers’ pockets, but the right was

empty and the left had something that wasn’t a handkerchief
stuffed in it. I answered softly with my head lowered.
“I-I don’t…”

“…Alright, fine, use this.”

Alice pulled out a handkerchief from her long skirt that was

just as pure white, then held it out to me with a look that

showed abhorrence coming from the depths of her heart.

The thought of lifting up the grand knight’s skirt and rubbing

my cheek on it, if she was going to treat me like a kid in primary
school, flashed through my mind, but I stopped as it would
simply end in my death.

Borrowing the handkerchief with intricate hems that didn’t

have a single stain on it with thanks, when I wiped my cheek

with it abashedly, the minion‘s blood was practically absorbed

into it, cleaning it up completely, as though some art to clean up
stains had been cast on it.

73

Sword Art Online 13 - Alicization Dividing

Chapter 10 - Integrity Knight Alice

“Thank you very much.”

Sensei; I held back the urge to add that while trying to return

the handkerchief, but the grand knight quickly averted her face
and said a single line—

“Wash it and return it before you get slashed by me.”

The future looked grim indeed. How could I persuade this

grandiose knight to avoid the battle after we return into the
tower and to meet up with Eugeo?

An image of my partner, who was probably climbing up the

stairs in the tower about now, went through my mind as I
looked around, and noticed the afterglow in the sky had

completely disappeared without my notice and several stars
were already blinking away. We managed to drive away

the minions somehow, but the moon had risen and an extremely
slight bit of space resources had been restocked, but that was
unlikely enough to make new pitons with.

I thrust Alice’s handkerchief into my right pocket and

scanned the narrow terrace from left to right this time round.

The petrified minions lined up in a row from a few meters away
to the wall’s corner seemed like they wouldn’t come alive if we
didn’t get any closer. It might be possible to crush them before
their petrification was lifted if we dash in and slash at their
vitals with our swords, but I couldn’t think of any merit in
testing that risk.

74

Sword Art Online 13 - Alicization Dividing

Chapter 10 - Integrity Knight Alice

As a result, we could only meekly wait here for a few hours

until the moon rose.

Honestly, I would warmly entertain the thought of sitting

down and resting now, but Alice would likely be offended

greatly throughout that whole time. I held back a sigh while

thinking about how I should initiate a talk with the integrity
knight who had her face turned away.

75

Sword Art Online 13 - Alicization Dividing

Chapter 10 - Integrity Knight Commander Bercouli

Chapter 10
Integrity Knight Commander Bercouli
5th Month of Human World Calendar 380

I hadn’t felt this isolated for a long time.

Eugeo murmured in his heart as he climbed the long
staircases on his own.

Eugeo had passed his days immersed in swinging that axe in
the forest, his eyes, ears, and heart shut away, ever since that
summer eight years ago when he could do nothing more than
look on as Alice was bound onto a flying dragon’s foot and taken
away. Not a single person in the village, including his family,
brought up this major incident of the village chief’s daughter
getting taken away by an integrity knight with him, practically
treating that very act as a taboo in itself—or rather, it could
have been as they avoided Eugeo who was a close friend of Alice.
However, much like the villagers, Eugeo also kept them, as
well as his memories of the incident, at a distance. Not
acknowledging his own weakness and cowardice, he tried to
turn his eyes away from the past and future by sinking deep into
a muddy bog by the name of resignation. —But.
That one boy, who wandered in without a single belonging to
his name in the spring two years ago, tugged Eugeo out from
that bottomless swamp with all his might. They repelled a group
of goblins and felled the Gigas Cedar together; he bestowed
confidence and a goal to Eugeo once more.
76

Sword Art Online 13 - Alicization Dividing

Chapter 10 - Integrity Knight Commander Bercouli

He was always by his side when they rushed out from Rulid
Village, when they advanced onto the capital through Zakkaria
City, and when they trained day after day at the Sword Mastery
Academy—Kirito was there. Though it was awry from their
initial plans, their success in infiltrating their final goal, the
Axiom Church’s Central Cathedral, and surpassing numerous
obstacles to arrive at this high position was unmistakably
thanks to his black-haired partner guiding him and cheering him
on.
And yet, despite how the highest floor was a mere distance
away, Kirito had vanished from Eugeo’s sight. Amidst the fierce
battle against Integrity Knight Alice Synthesis Thirty, created
from his childhood friend, Alice Schuberg, with false, implanted
memories, Kirito’s full armament control art mingled with the
knight’s and brought forth an abnormal power and bored a huge
hole through the cathedral’s wall.

The pair were sucked out from the tower in the blink of an eye
and the huge hole returned to the wall it originally was
immediately thereafter. The marble wall showed not the
slightest sign of budging even when slashed at with the Blue
Rose Sword or hit with the greatest thermal elemental offensive
arts he possessed.

In all likelihood, the cathedral’s outer walls had a permanent
self-repair art performed upon them. A sacred art so
ridiculously advanced that Eugeo couldn’t even imagine the first
line for it to the extent of his knowledge. Hence, even if he
moved the stone wall by a mere cen after all his desperate effort,
it would probably be restored to how it was. Opening up a hole
in the wall, even for a moment, must have been because Kirito
and Knight Alice’s full control arts concealed a power that
77

Sword Art Online 13 - Alicization Dividing

Chapter 10 - Integrity Knight Commander Bercouli

exceeded what the art user who casted that self-repair art on
the tower’s outer walls had expected.

To put that another way, they couldn’t have died from simply
getting thrown out if they possessed such power. Especially
Kirito, who definitely had more capability in reacting to
unexpected situations even when compared to the higher
ranked integrity knights. He must have resisted the fall
somehow and had already started on an ascent from outside the
tower. And that likely applied to Knight Alice too.
The current Alice was a guardian of the absolute Axiom
Church, so he couldn’t imagine her cooperating with Kirito, but
at the very least, she should chase after him if he were to climb
the wall. An opportunity to use the short sword granted by
Cardinal should present itself again if he could reunite with
them somewhere on the higher floors.

Believing thusly, Eugeo opened the door on the southern end
of the eightieth floor, «Cloudtop Garden», and started on the
grand staircase up on his own. All while shaking off the sense of
forlornness and helplessness that seemed to have crept up his
back ever since he became alone.
It wouldn’t be strange to be dragged into a new assault at any
time, so he ceased running and advanced with caution, but he
didn’t feel any human presence even after passing the eightyfirst and eighty-second floors.

They had driven away «Frost Scale Whip» Eldrie, «Conflagrant
Flame Bow» Deusolbert, the apprentice knights, Fizel and Linel,
«Heaven Piercing Sword» Fanatio and her subordinates, «Four
Oscillation Blades»; that brought the count to nine integrity
knights in total, but those called «Knight Commander» and
78

Sword Art Online 13 - Alicization Dividing

Chapter 10 - Integrity Knight Commander Bercouli

«Chief Elder» were still in the tower, and of course, the highest
minister, Administrator, lay in wait as well.

He could hardly imagine the most eminent being in the Axiom
Church, and thus, the world, would suddenly appear, but the
Knight Commander and Chief Elder couldn’t possibly let him
pass through to the highest floor without resistance. As such, he
strained his senses to their limits and cautiously ascended the
staircase with his hand on his Blue Rose Sword, but his mind
couldn’t help but to get invaded by superfluous thoughts.
How are Kirito and Knight Alice doing at the moment?

Is Alice chasing Kirito as he climbs the tower’s outer walls? Or
maybe their battle is continues even now while dangling off the
tower’s walls? Or perhaps… the mysterious charm from that
human known as Kirito had made even Alice, as aloof as she was,
draw back her sword…?
Eugeo sensed an unfamiliar feeling well up in his chest the
moment he thought that. That acted as a stimulant, the discord
he felt when he swung his sword towards the fallen Integrity
Knight Deusolbert several hours ago prickling yet again.

Aware that Deusolbert was the one who took away Alice from
Rulid Village eight years ago, anger and hatred urged Eugeo into
action as he tried to thrust an end to the knight. However, in
that moment Kirito held him back, Eugeo felt a strong sense of
inferiority towards his close friend.
You wouldn’t have just watched on like me back then. You
would have thrown care to the wind and attacked the integrity
knight in an attempt to save Alice; he thought.
That strength and kindness of Kirito might reach even the
heart of the integrity knight, Alice. Of course, Alice as she was
79

Sword Art Online 13 - Alicization Dividing

Chapter 10 - Integrity Knight Commander Bercouli

now, was a so-called fake with her memories stolen by the
highest minister. But… if it was that Kirito, who tried to help
Deusolbert and even Deputy Knight Commander Fanatio, who
brought him to the verge of death… perhaps……
“——That’s not possible.”

Muttering so, Eugeo forced his stream of thoughts to a stop.

There was no purpose in thinking any further. Upon regaining
the «memory fragment» safe kept on the highest floor of the
cathedral and returning it to Integrity Knight Alice’s soul, the
current Alice would vanish along with all of her memories. And
the real Alice, the person most important to Eugeo, would
return.
I will embrace the awakened girl tightly and definitely say it
this time. That I will protect you… I will protect you forever.
That moment will arrive tomorrow, or this night if
circumstances allow it.
Hence, there was no need for idle thoughts now, it was the
time to do nothing but to advance forth.
Just as the seven o’clock bell rang out in the evening from
somewhere in the cathedral, the staircase came to a stop.

That made the count he kept, of the floors passing by, reach a
round ten. In other words, this was the ninetieth floor. He had
set foot onto the crucial section of the Axiom Church at long last.
No stairs further up could be seen anywhere in the broad hall.
There was only a single grand door at the northern wall. There
was no mistake that a vast area utilizing the entire floor, like the
fiftieth and eightieth floors, lay ahead.
80

Sword Art Online 13 - Alicization Dividing

Chapter 10 - Integrity Knight Commander Bercouli

And with that, an enemy stronger than any before must be
lying in wait.
—Can I win? All by myself?

Standing still at the end of the hall, Eugeo asked himself. Just
how could he fight against someone stronger than Fanatio, who
drove Kirito half the way to his death, and Alice, who they were
no match for, even as a pair.

However, now that he thought about it, Kirito had took on all
of the enemies’ attacks by himself in the battles thus far. Eugeo
had hidden behind his partner’s back and merely activated his
full control art. Kirito had said that it was the natural strategy
considering the natures of their skills, but with him away, Eugeo
had no choice but to fight from the start to the end.
Gently caressing the Blue Rose Sword at the left of his waist,
he ascertained the sensations of its grip and guard. He could
probably use the full control art just one more time, but he
couldn’t capture the enemy with the ice tendrils by activating it
blindly. He had to first drive the enemy into a corner with pure
swordsmanship and create an opening.
“…It’s time.”

With that whisper to his beloved sword, Eugeo brought up his
right hand and strongly pushed open the white door.
What immediately closed in were bright lighting, a dense,
white smoke, and a dull, unceasing sound.
—Offensive sacred arts!?

Thinking so instinctively, Eugeo tried to jump aside, but
noticed the white mist streaming out was not smoke, but steam.
81

Sword Art Online 13 - Alicization Dividing

Chapter 10 - Integrity Knight Commander Bercouli

His hands and sleeves merely got wet upon contact, there was
no pain. He assessed the state of the interior across the swirling
heat.
As expected, it was a vast space that expended the entire area
of a single cathedral floor. The ceiling countless lamps were
fitted onto was high as well, so it likely had a name resembling
the «Cloister of Spiritual Light» or «Sky Garden»*, but he didn’t
have the means to find it out right now. The floor surface
couldn’t be seen through the obstructing steam, but there
seemed to be no human presence.

Eugeo took only a few steps into the space and tried to find
the source of the steam. When he did, he noticed with his ears,
rather than his eyes, the splish-splashing sound of water. There
was no mistake that the roaring was of a large quantity of water
falling onto water, coming from somewhere far.
That was when cold air flowed in from the still-opened door
and swept aside the surrounding steam.

A marble path with a breadth of roughly five mel extended
deeper into the space from Eugeo’s position. The sides of the
path dipped down with steps and filled there, to the brim, was
clear water—no, hot water. It seemed to have a depth of over
one mel, and Eugeo couldn’t even begin to imagine how many lil
of hot water would it total up to if that filled the entire room.
“…Just, what is this room…”

Eugeo’s hoarse voice leaked out upon the far too unexpected
scene.
The temperature of the water was too hot as a pond for
rearing fish or other animals and the humidity wasn’t pleasant
82

Sword Art Online 13 - Alicization Dividing

Chapter 10 - Integrity Knight Commander Bercouli

enough for it be a garden for admiration. It would even be more
comfortable to strip down and jump into the hot—
“Ah…… do-don’t tell me…”

After murmuring once again, he knelt down by the side of the
pathway and thrust his right hand into the hot water. It was
neither hot nor warm, it was at a temperature that Kirito would
comment as “a nice water temperature” if he was here.
In other words, this was a gigantic bath.
“………”

Without any further words coming from him, Eugeo deeply
sighed while kneeling.

His home until two years ago used a rather large tub as a
bathtub and by the time Eugeo got into it as the last person, only
half of the hot water would have been left. Hence, he got struck
dumbfounded the first time he saw the large bath in the
academy’s dormitories and wondered how could such a large
quantity of hot water be boiled.
However, this bath was on an entirely different level. There
would still be space even if all of the apprentices in the Sword
Mastery Academy were to get into together. No, of course, the
male students couldn’t possibly enter a bath together with the
female students, though.

After taking another sigh, Eugeo took the opportunity to wash
his two hands in the hot water and stood up, holding back the
urge to wash his face too. He started on the marble path likely
heading deeper into the space, towards the staircase to the
upper floors. No matter how things were, getting assaulted in a
bath would simply be too—
83

Sword Art Online 13 - Alicization Dividing

Chapter 10 - Integrity Knight Commander Bercouli

Or so he thought before he noticed belatedly.

The path expanded into a circle in the middle of the large
space, the large bath. When he approached, Eugeo finally sensed
someone’s silhouette beyond the steam hanging over the water
surface in front, on the right.
“—!?”

Instinctively jumping back, he placed his hand onto his
sword’s grip.

He couldn’t see too well with the steam obstructing, but the
other party had a pretty large build. Short hair and unfeminine.
Submerged up to his shoulders in the hot water, he was
stretching out all four limbs.

The man appeared to be simply bathing rather than lying in
wait, but he couldn’t let down his guard. Regardless of the
circumstances, that was unmistakably an enemy, so perhaps he
should be attempt a preemptive attack while the opponent was
still in the water.
It happened when Eugeo quietly slid his beloved sword out
from its sheath.
“Sorry, but could ya wait for a bit? I mean, I just got to the
capital a moment ago, so my whole body’s stiff from all the
flying dragon riding.”

The voice was low and worn-out, but had substance. The
speech that was more crude than anyone he encountered in the
cathedral unwittingly left him silent. The lack of grandstanding
reminded him of the peasants of his home town rather than of a
knight.
84

Sword Art Online 13 - Alicization Dividing

Chapter 10 - Integrity Knight Commander Bercouli

While Eugeo stayed undecided over his reaction, splashing
noises rang out and the steam concealing the gigantic bathtub
parted to the left and right.

The owner of the voice had drops of water pouring off his
entire body like a waterfall while he got up. With his back to
Eugeo, he placed his two hands on his waist and rotated his neck,
letting out a sluggish groan. He appeared full of openings, but
Eugeo didn’t take a single step with his hand still on his sword.
What a tremendous body. The part below his knees was still
under the hot water, but still, it was clear the man measured
close to two mel. His iron-gray hair, tinged blue, was trimmed
short and exposed his shockingly thick neck. Furthermore, the
shoulders it connected to were abnormally broad yet again. His
forearm, on the level of a log, must be able to wave swords
around with ease, regardless of how heavy they might be.

What drew his eyes the most was his back, covered in layers
of muscles. Gorgolosso Baltoh, whom Eugeo served as a valet,
could boast of a tempered body as well, but the man in the bath
reached new heights of bulkiness. Despite the unlikeness of him
being young, there was no slackening around his hips
whatsoever.

As his sight was stolen by the man’s standing posture, like the
very image of an ancient god of war, Eugeo failed to immediately
notice the countless old wounds running across his entire body.
Observing properly, he saw that they were all wounds from
arrows and blades. Scars, even from severe wounds, shouldn’t
remain if treated quickly with high ranking sacred arts, so that
meant he must have always been fighting on battlefields which
rendered even that act impossible, for long stretches of time.
85

Sword Art Online 13 - Alicization Dividing

Chapter 10 - Integrity Knight Commander Bercouli

The man in the bath was, in all likelihood, the one called the
Knight Commander.

In other words, the mightiest expert among all of the integrity
knights. The greatest hurdle thwarting Eugeo’s path to the top of
the Cathedral—
In that case, it would be best to slash and defeat the man while
he held no weapon and armor. Kirito would definitely have done
that. Even while his mind thought so, Eugeo stayed still.
He couldn’t judge whether the man’s back was full of openings
or flawlessly brimming with preparation. He could even imagine
the man was luring him into an attack.
Paying no heed to Eugeo’s hesitation, the man finished
loosening his body, then began walking north as he parted the
hot water. A basket had been placed a little way ahead on the
path that seemed to have his clothes in it.

Having taken the steps up and straddled over the edge, the
man took undershorts out from the basket and passed them
through his legs. Next, he spread open clothes of thin make and
wore them. It seemed to be clothes made in the north empire
and while wrapping a wide cloth that came with the previous,
the man finally turned his face to Eugeo.
“Yo, sorry for the wait.”

He had a firm look that matched the deep, worn-out voice well.

The wrinkle engraved near his mouth likely showed the man
was over forty years old when he became an integrity knight,
but his cheeks split by his high nose bridge were not slackened
in any way. However, what left a deeper impression was the
light in his eyes released from beneath his prominent eyebrows.
86

Sword Art Online 13 - Alicization Dividing

Chapter 10 - Integrity Knight Commander Bercouli

Despite the lack of what could be constituted as blood-thirst
in those pale, light blue eyes, he felt an intense pressure just
from facing him from over fifteen mel away. His gaze likely
contained only pure interest in the opponent he would now
cross swords against, and the rapture of battle itself? The only
ones who could look upon an enemy with such eyes have had to
possess an absolute confidence in their own swordsmanship. In
other words, this man resembled Kirito somehow.
Having finished tying the sash in front of his body, the man
turned his right hand to the clothes basket. With that, a
longsword gently came out from the bottom of the basket,
settling into his burly hand. Carrying it on his shoulder, he
began walking on the marble with his wet, bare feet.

Standing still after closing until a mere eight mel or so away
from Eugeo, the man rubbed his sturdy chin that had a short
beard growing from it and spoke.
“There. Could ya tell me something before we fight?”
“…What is it?”

“Well, that’d be… did the deputy knight commander… did
Fanatio die?”

That curt tone, as if asking about the menu for dinner, made
Eugeo feel like retorting with a “Aren’t you talking about your
deputy?” However, he immediately noticed an awkwardly
constructed guise on the man’s expression as he averted his
gaze to the side. Despite being truly anxious about it, he seemed
averse to revealing that. That, too, brought to mind the partner
who wasn’t present.

“…She’s alive. She’s receiving treatment right now… I believe.”
87

Sword Art Online 13 - Alicization Dividing

Chapter 10 - Integrity Knight Commander Bercouli

Having heard Eugeo’s reply, the man brazenly let out a sharp
breath and nodded.
“I see. I won’t be taking your life then.”
“Wha……”

Once again, he was at a loss of words. It was a conceit so
immense that it had no room for suspicion over it being a bluff.
Self-confidence was a great weapon in its own right, or so Kirito
had said, but even he wouldn’t show this much composure in
front of a strong enemy. The source of the rock-hard pride
belonging to the giant of a man before his eyes was probably
impossible for both Kirito and Eugeo to obtain—the experiences
of winning through countless fierce battles, enough for every
single one of those wounds all over his body.
However, even the count is significantly lower than his, Eugeo
had also driven away integrity knights, just like this man, on
more than one occasion on the way up here. Showing weakness
before they cross swords would be inexcusable to the defeated
integrity knights, to Gorgolosso and the academy’s instructors
who trained Eugeo, and of course, to his black-haired partner.
Mustering all the fighting spirit he had, Eugeo stared at the
man head-on. He spoke with strength to his stomach, for his
voice to not quiver.
“I don’t like it.”
“Oh?”

With his hand still in the bosom of his oriental clothes, the
man let out an amused voice.
“What don’t you, boy?”

88

Sword Art Online 13 - Alicization Dividing

Chapter 10 - Integrity Knight Commander Bercouli

“Fanatio-san isn’t the only one of your subordinates, is she?
There are Eldrie-san and the «Four Oscillation Blades»… and do
you not care whether Alice is dead or alive either?”
“Aah… that’s what you were getting at”

The man looked up and scraped the side of his head with the
longsword’s grip held in his left hand.

“I guess it’s like this… Eldrie’s lil’ Alice’s disciple and the Four
Oscillation Blades, Dakira, Jeis, Hobren, and Giro, are Fanatio’s
disciples. So, that makes Fanatio mine, you see? I’m not one for
holding grudges, but at the very least, I’ll take revenge if my
disciple gets killed; that’s all to it.”

He broadly grinned, then added on as if it just occurred to him.

“…Well, lil’ Alice might think of me as a mentor, though…
honestly now, I don’t know who’d be stronger now in a real fight.
It wasn’t that hard six years ago when the lil’ miss just became a
knight apprentice, though.”
“Six years ago… a knight apprentice…?”

Forgetting about his retort towards the man for the moment,
Eugeo murmured.

Six years ago would mean two years after she was taken away
from Rulid. Kirito had taught him that the integrity knights’
names included a «number» in Sacred Tongue as they climbed
the stairs and it seemed Alice was thirty, Eldrie was thirty-one,
and Deusolbert was seven. It shouldn’t have been that long ago
when Alice became a knight, judging from the newness of her
number, but—
“…But Alice is thirty… the thirtieth integrity knight, right?”
89

Sword Art Online 13 - Alicization Dividing

Chapter 10 - Integrity Knight Commander Bercouli

The man lightly tilted his head at Eugeo’s question, but
immediately let out an “aah”.

“Generally, we aren’t in the habit of giving numbers to
apprentices. The lil’ miss became thirty last year when she was
formally commissioned as a knight. She was more than qualified
as one with her capabilities even six years ago, but she was too
young and all…”
“But… Fizel and Linel possessed numbers despite being
apprentices.”

The instant he heard those names, the man’s mouth distorted
as though he just bit down on a bitterbug.

“…It just turned out that way with those pipsqueaks becoming
knights. They’re exceptions, getting numbers while still
apprentices. —Did you fight those two? Living through that’s
surprising in a whole different way from defeating Fanatio.”
“We did get paralyzed by «Ruberyl’s poison steel» and almost
got beheaded, though.”
Eugeo considered further while replying.

The man knew Alice when she was a knight apprentice. Hence,
Alice had her memories sealed through the «Synthesis Ritual» a
whole six years ago… when she was thirteen, it seems.
Thereafter, Alice believed herself to be an existence summoned
from the Celestial World in order to become an integrity knight
and continued living in the cathedral…?
Gazing at Eugeo who sank into silence, the giant man
shrugged his shoulders.
90

Sword Art Online 13 - Alicization Dividing

Chapter 10 - Integrity Knight Commander Bercouli

“Well, I don’t plan on losing to ya, so I doubt the lil’ miss who’s
as strong as me got cut by you. From what I heard from that
Chief Elder bastard, you had a partner, huh? If that guy isn’t that,
he’s probably going at it with the lil’ miss somewhere, eh?”
“…That’s essentially it.”

After finding himself nodding, Eugeo restored the tight grip on
his sword. He couldn’t help but to have his animosity chipped
away by the man’s speech, but this was no situation to lose his
focus. Concentrating his two eyes further, he cried out a taunt.
“By the way, who will be the next to exact vengeance on me
after I cut you?”
“Hehe, don’t worry. There’s no master of mine around.”

He grinned and gently drew the longsword from his shoulder
with his right hand. He carelessly stuck the scabbard left over
into his sash with his left hand.

The slightly blackened, bulky blade was meticulously polished,
but the infinite amount of old blemishes faintly remaining over
its entire length glittered in the illumination shining in from the
ceiling. The guard and grip appeared to be made from the same
quality of metal as the blade, but unlike the sacred tools wield
by the integrity knights he had fought thus far, not even a single
splendid decoration adorned them.
That said, it was clear that was no weapon to look down upon,
even from afar. It must have taken a considerable amount of
blood over an endless period of time, with a sort of presence
coiling about the dark-gray blade.
Eugeo, too, drew his beloved sword out from the sheath at the
left of his waist while taking in a sharp, thin breath. It wasn’t in
91

Sword Art Online 13 - Alicization Dividing

Chapter 10 - Integrity Knight Commander Bercouli

its full control state, but its pale-blue blade let out a faint chill,
perhaps responding to its owner’s tension, forming flickering
crystals of ice in the surrounding steam.

In a gallant motion that suited that fine body, the man pulled
back his right leg while holding the sword in his right hand near
vertical and visibly lowered his waist. It resembled the stance
for the Norkia-style’s secret move, «Lightning Flash Slash», but
differed slightly. Setting the sword that straight would result in
a need for excessive movement in order to activate that skill.
Eugeo took the stance for the Aincrad-style’s secret move,
«Sonic Leap», with that consideration.

As far as Eugeo knew, the mysterious Aincrad style, with its
own practitioner, his partner, Kirito, had skill names in Sacred
Tongue for all of its secret moves. The Sacred Tongue was a holy
language passed down onto the Axiom Church’s originator by
the three goddesses during the creation of the world, with no
dictionary for it in the Sword Mastery Academy’s library—or
even the castles the four emperors resided within, according to
what he had heard from the instructors.
Knowledge on the meaning behind its vocabulary was
restricted to those used in sacred art rituals. Hence, even Eugeo,
who studied diligently in the academy, knew only the meaning
for words like «element» or «generate» from the limited
vocabulary.

However, despite how he lost all of his previous memories
before appearing in Rulid Forest two years ago, Kirito seemed to
have known of bits of Sacred Tongue that Eugeo didn’t. The
vocabulary used in the secret moves’ names were no exception;
he said Sonic Leap had the meaning of «jumping at the speed of
sound». He didn’t know exactly how fast sound travelled, but it
92

Sword Art Online 13 - Alicization Dividing

Chapter 10 - Integrity Knight Commander Bercouli

was a mighty skill that lived up to its name, shooting forth or
back a long distance of ten mel with ridiculous vigor. A
preemptive attack was effectively secured if it was activated
when the enemy took the first step to shorten the gap.

A fresh vertical wrinkle engraved itself upon the man’s brows
when he saw Eugeo, tension released from his body and his
sword placed on his right shoulder.

“Now that’s one uncommon stance, boy. …You don’t happen to
practice the Continual Sword, do you?”
“……!”

The moment he heard that subdued question, Eugeo drew a
sharp breath.

To be specific, the Sonic Leap Eugeo was going to execute was
a single-hit secret move. However, it was the same as the
consecutive hit skills at the core of the Aincrad style, in terms of
how they did not exist in the styles passed down in the Human
World. As expected, this man was no average person, to see
through that from a single stance.
However, even if he had guessed that Eugeo used consecutive
hit skills, he shouldn’t be able to perceive the boundaries of the
Aincrad style. As long as the man hadn’t fought Kirito before he
had lost his memory.
“…How does it matter even if I use the consecutive hit skills?”
Upon replying in a low voice, the man snorted.

“Nah, there were just some among those darkness knights in
the Dark Territory who use the Continual Sword too, and I
fought them loads of times. Those aren’t really good memories…
93

Sword Art Online 13 - Alicization Dividing

Chapter 10 - Integrity Knight Commander Bercouli

after all, those of us on this side can’t use any of those fancy fluid
skills at all, ya know?”
“…Are you asking me to fight with a traditional style?”

“No, no, whether it’s the Continual Sword or whatever else, I
don’t care what it is, go ahead. I’m not saying this is to
compensate for that or anything, but I’ll be starting with my
trump card too.”
After twisting one side of his lips into a grin, the man thrust
up the longsword, wielded straight in his right hand, even
higher.

Eugeo’s breath was taken away once more immediately after.
The weathered grey blade vibrated like a heat haze. He thought
it was due to the steam flowing through the large bath, but no
matter how hard he squinted, he could only perceive it as the
longsword itself losing its solidity.
—Could it be that that sword is already in its full control
state?

He frantically pondered while in the stance for the secret
move.

He might had only been taught the «armament full control
art» by the mysterious sage, Cardinal, recently, but he had
already gained a relatively good understanding over this secret
art through the multiple cases of actual combat.

It resemble secret moves in how it granted the sword a
stronger strength, but in the end, the full control art was a
sacred art, so that made an incantation necessary. As such, that
permitted momentarily maintaining a standby state in between
94

Sword Art Online 13 - Alicization Dividing

Chapter 10 - Integrity Knight Commander Bercouli

chanting the main body of the art and activating it with the
ending line, “enhance armament“, like normal sacred arts.

The amount of time the activation standby state for sacred
arts can be maintained was influenced by the user’s character
and experience. Eugeo could maintain it for several minutes if
he closed his mouth and focused his mind, but Kirito had shown
he could hold the art while conversing with that astounding
concentration he had at times like this.

He still had no idea what sort of skill the full control art of the
giant man before him was, but it was evident he was quite an
expert, simply judging from how he could hold a long
conversation during the activation standby state. In comparison,
Eugeo had no time to start chanting the art now and one way or
another, the ice roses art could not exhibit its true abilities in
this space filled with hot water.
In that case, he had only one path. He could only hit the man
with Sonic Leap in the gap created by him executing a secret
move—or activating his full control art, and conclude the battle.
The opponent should be expecting Eugeo’s attack to be a
consecutive hit skill, so it was unlikely he could react to a
leaping attack at extremely high speed.
Determined, Eugeo put all of his focus into his two eyes and
observed the entirely of the man.
The distance was approximately eight mel.

The Norkia style, as well as the school above it, the High
Norkia style, had no skill that could reach from this range. So, if
the man intended to swing his sword from the position he stood
at without moving, the «trump card» he mentioned must be a
armament full control art along the lines of extending his slash’s
95

Sword Art Online 13 - Alicization Dividing

Chapter 10 - Integrity Knight Commander Bercouli

reach. He would have to evade that somehow and end this with
a single counterattack.

As Eugeo envisioned, the man continued standing in that spot
and slowly held the sword, kept vertical with his right arm, aloft.
His mouth lost its smile and released a roar that shook the
entire large bath.
“I am the commander of the integrity knights—Bercouli
Synthesis One!!”

Where have I heard of that name—that thought flashed
through his mind for an instant, but Eugeo discarded his idle
thoughts and focused entirely on discerning the enemy’s skill.

A heavy thud roared out, the man who named himself as the
knight commander stamped his left foot onto the marble
pavement. The surrounding steam scattered away at once.

Those burly waist, chest, shoulders, and arms turned in a
dreadful and rapid, yet composed movement. The sword raised
straight first fell to the right, then swung horizontally. Eugeo felt
it to be the ultimate form of the sword skills passed down
among the traditional styles. A motion that could only be
realized through training over an extensive stretch of time, both
formless and perfected.
However, all traditional sword skills possessed a common
weakness. As a consequence of the «form» being far too grand,
the attack’s trajectory becomes predictable. By the time the
knight commander’s sword began to slice apart the white vapor
horizontally, Eugeo had already jumped forth, towards the left.
That should be enough to narrowly evade any offense the sword
had launched in its full control state, whatever it could have
been.
96

Sword Art Online 13 - Alicization Dividing

Chapter 10 - Integrity Knight Commander Bercouli

The air quivered near his right ear. But he felt neither pain
nor impact.
—I dodged it!

Assured of that, Eugeo activated the secret move, Sonic Leap,
on his next step.
“O… oooh!”

His sword wore a green radiance tinged with yellow at his
shout. His entire self accelerated, pushed by an unseen force,
and Eugeo became a gust of wind, charging towards the knight
commander who had swung his sword.
Behind him, the air pressure from the sword that he
previously dodged hit the door to the large bath and let out a
loud—
No.

Nothing rang out. He couldn’t sense the slightest vibration.

Was the slash that the knight commander should have
launched really that fast? Or perhaps it vanished before
reaching the door behind?

Impossible. If that was true, the armament full control art of
the knight commander, the man who should be stronger than
Deusolbert and Fanatio, would be inferior to even Eldrie’s full
control art, despite how he had only became a knight a mere one
month ago. Eldrie’s «Frost Scale Whip» attack was as quick as
lightning, reaching as far as several ten mel.
That couldn’t be possible. In that case, was the knight
commander’s skill not a far-range type of attack? But in actual
fact, Eugeo hadn’t received a single bit of damage.
97

Sword Art Online 13 - Alicization Dividing

Chapter 10 - Integrity Knight Commander Bercouli

If that was the case, the man had only executed a practice
swing? A display of form, no different from what the students
performed during the Sword Mastery Academy’s examinations.
—Is he making a fool out of me?

—Or perhaps he thought he could scare off some kid who’s
still attending school with just a single practice swing?
The core of his head burned up the instant he felt that.
He was slow to notice, as a result.

There was something directly in front of the man who just
swung his sword, in Eugeo’s path as he rushed forward while
leaving behind a line of light from the secret move. A
transparent fluctuation horizontally cut through the air. Much
like the heat haze that enveloped the man’s sword right before
he began that slash.

—That spot’s… where his practice swing cut through earlier…

A profound chill ran down his back. Although he instinctively
attempted to interrupt his charge, a secret move couldn’t be
stopped that easily once activated. He drew back his sword and
scrapped his right foot against the floor, but his speed merely
fell slightly and—
Eugeo’s body immediately came into contact with the heat
haze that remained in midair.

A scorching hot impact surged through his left breast to his
right armpit. Eugeo was blown away like an old rag flapping in a
squall, swung around several times as he fluttered in the air. A
large quantity of blood drew a spiral as they flowed out from the
deep injury carved in his chest.
98

Sword Art Online 13 - Alicization Dividing

Chapter 10 - Integrity Knight Commander Bercouli

99

Sword Art Online 13 - Alicization Dividing

Chapter 10 - Integrity Knight Commander Bercouli

He fell back-first into the bath on the left of the pathway. A
water sprout rose high and the surroundings were dyed in
crimson the moment that settled down.
“Gu… haa…!”

He spewed out the hot water that made their way into his
throat and that spray, too, was tinged red. It appeared part of his
injuries had reached his lungs. If he hadn’t killed some of that
momentum, despite the slight amount it had been, immediately
before crashing into that heat haze, it wouldn’t be strange even
for his body to be slashed into two now.
“System… call. Generate… luminous element…”

His body floating in the bath, he chanted a healing art in
disconnected streams. Fortunately, he was surrounded by a
large quantity of warm water. They should possess an amount of
sacred power significantly more than what cold water had. That
said, Eugeo couldn’t completely treat a wound that severe in a
such short period of time with his capabilities, though.
The knight commander standing on the pathway calmly
looked down upon Eugeo as he somehow succeeded in stopping
the flow of blood and roused his body in his lightheadedness. He
had already slipped his sword into the scabbard on the left of
his waist and thrust his right arm into the breast of his clothes.
“That was pretty dangerous, I mean, I didn’t think you were
going to rush in at a speed like that. Sorry ’bout that, almost
killed you there.”
Those words lacked urgency even now, but Eugeo couldn’t
find the strength to rebut any longer and forced out a hoarse
voice from his hurting lungs.
100

Sword Art Online 13 - Alicization Dividing

Chapter 10 - Integrity Knight Commander Bercouli

“Wh… what was that… skill…”

“I did say I’d be using my trump card. I didn’t just slash the air
with some practice swing, yeah? In a sense… I slashed the future
of a little later.”
It took a little while for him to realize any tangible meaning
from the knight commander’s words. The wound that throbbed,
as though ice was pushed purely against the spot despite the
surrounding hot water, robbed him of his thoughts.
—The future… was slashed?

That certainly was a valid description for that phenomenon.

There was no mistake that Eugeo activated Sonic Leap after
the knight commander had swung his sword. However, as if the
sword had assaulted him from the past, Eugeo suffered from a
deep gash the moment he touched the trajectory of that slash.
No— To put it more accurately, it should said that the force
behind that sword slash remained in midair. Eugeo did see
something like a heat haze wavering in the air before he was
blown away.
The «right place» and the «right time» were necessary for a
sword slash to hit. The sword would miss the enemy if either
the place or time were off.

In all likelihood, the knight commander’s full control art
extended the latter of those conditions, time. Power remained
within the trajectory even after the sword had been swung. To
say it in another way—it slashed the enemy in that position of
the future.
101

Sword Art Online 13 - Alicization Dividing

Chapter 10 - Integrity Knight Commander Bercouli

It was the most plain, appearance-wise, among the armament
full control arts the knights he had faced thus far commanded,
but still, this was a horrifying ability. Anywhere that sword
passed through would be converted into a lethal domain. The
«extent» of which would far exceed the duration of continuous
slashes that consecutive hit skills boasted of. Close combat of
sword versus sword would be practically impossible.
—Then I’ll have to bring this into a far range battle?

Even if the knight commander’s full control art could extend
time, it couldn’t lengthen the slashes’ range. In comparison, the
range of the «ice tendrils» brought forth by Eugeo’s full control
art exceeded thirty mel.

The question was whether the Blue Rose Sword could exhibit
its original potential in this place with much hot water. At the
very least, he would have to be prepared for a little delay on its
effect after activation. In other words, he would need to draw
the enemy in to a range such that it wouldn’t be possible to
escape beyond the range of the ice tendrils art even if its nature
was seen through.
It would be tough, but there was no choice.

Steeling himself for the sink-or-swim bout, Eugeo touched his
breast with his left hand. A shocking, sharp pain ran through,
but it seemed the wound wouldn’t open even if he moved for a
bit. Of course, it was far from fully healed and his Life likely
reduced by over thirty percent, but he could still stand and even
swing his sword.
“System call.”

Merging his voice into the roaring noises of water coming
from the spouts installed in the four corners of the bath, Eugeo
102

Sword Art Online 13 - Alicization Dividing

Chapter 10 - Integrity Knight Commander Bercouli

began chanting the art. An expert like the knight commander
couldn’t possibly miss that, but rather than obstructing the
chant, he even dared to continue chatting leisurely on the
pathway with his arms folded, as though granting Eugeo the
time.

“The first time I saw the darkness knights’ Continual Sword
was practically right after I got my duties as an integrity knight,
ya know? I got hit so hard at first I couldn’t even make a sound. I
ran back in panic, then thought about why I lost with this crappy
brain of mine for quite some time.”
The scar on his chin the knight commander rubbed with his
fingertips was from that time, perhaps.

“Well, it’s not too hard when you think about it. Main point is,
compared to the swordsmanship my body had been immersed
in, going one-mindedly after the might of a single strike, the
Continual Sword goes for the obvious path of blocking the
enemy’s hits and succeeding in one’s own, that was all to it. I
don’t have to point out which is more practical. No matter how
powerful a strike it is, it’s just like a little breeze blew back if it
doesn’t hit, yeah…”
The ends of his lips twisted and he took a short, audible
breath.

“—But even if I figured out that much, I’m not so good that I
could just start learning the Continual Sword right away, you
see. Man, if the highest minister was summoning an integrity
knight, she should have picked some guy with a little more
flexibility.”
Eugeo frowned at those words as he continued chanting.
103

Sword Art Online 13 - Alicization Dividing

Chapter 10 - Integrity Knight Commander Bercouli

As expected, the man who named himself the knight
commander had the memories before he became an integrity
knight erased as well. However, even if he himself were to lose
those memories, would it be possible for every single person in
the world, without exception, to forget about someone with
such proficiency with the greatsword? Ever since the man stated
his name so grandly earlier, Eugeo himself had felt an itch in a
corner of his mind, as though it reminded him of someone.
Bercouli Synthesis One. That should have been what the man
called himself.

He had definitely heard of that name somewhere. A champion
of the Four Empire Unity Tournament, or perhaps some general
of the imperial knight orders.
Behaving as though Eugeo’s fixed gaze on his face and the art
he composed in a whisper didn’t bother him in the slightest, the
knight commander continued talking, detached from the
situation.
“And so, I racked my poor brain and thought about how I
could hit the enemy with my sword. And this guy’s the answer.”
He made a metallic sound with the crude sword that was
entirely steel blue, still in its scabbard.

“This sword was originally part of a sacred tool called a
«clock» that was mounted on the Central Cathedral’s wall, see.
The «Time-telling Bell» in the same place now tells the time
through sound, but that clock-thing had a huge needle pointing
at numbers arranged in a round long ago, ya know. I mean, it
was something that existed since the world was created… the
highest minister called it the «System Clock»… or something
strange like that, I think.”
104

Sword Art Online 13 - Alicization Dividing

Chapter 10 - Integrity Knight Commander Bercouli

It might have been Sacred Tongue, but those words rang no
bell to Eugeo. The same went for that «clock» that seemed to
have been in Common Tongue. Knight Commander Bercouli’s
eyes narrowed as though he was peeking into the past long ago
and moved his mouth once again.

“Quoting the minister, ‘The clock does not merely display the
time, it creates it.’… she said. I had practically no idea what that
meant, though. Anyway, this guy’s from forging that clock’s
needle into a sword. In contrast with lil’ Alice’s «Fragrant Olive
Sword» cutting through space horizontally, this guy pierces
through time vertically. Its name is «Time Piercing Sword»… the
sword that pierces through time.”

He found it difficult to form a tangible image of the tool called
the clock, but Eugeo somehow understood what the knight
commander tried to convey. The force brought forth the instant
the sword was swung apparently did possess the ability to
bypass time and maintain itself, in actual fact. If that was
possible, there was absolutely no need to link multiple slashes
together like in the Aincrad style. When asking for the reason
why consecutive hit skills use consecutive hits, that would be no
other than to stretch out the duration of the slashes. If Bercouli’s
Time Piercing Sword combined the offensive ability of single-hit
skills and the accuracy of consecutive hit skills, that sword style
would be peerless. As long as it was within range, that is.
As aptly put by Bercouli himself, there was only one method
to counter it. He could only fight, utilizing the extent of space,
rather than time.
And the same moment Eugeo thought so, the knight
commander grinned.
105

Sword Art Online 13 - Alicization Dividing

Chapter 10 - Integrity Knight Commander Bercouli

“So you’ll have to attack from a distance, that’s what you
thought, right? The same went for those who saw my skill, every
single one of them.”
He was startled by his thoughts being read, but he couldn’t
very well cease his chanting now. He might have predicted that
Eugeo would commence a far-range attack, but he should have
had no means to ascertain the skill’s nature. Whether he
understood what Eugeo thought in his mind or not, the knight
commander lightly shrugged his shoulders.

“Including Fanatio and Alice, those integrity knights
summoned after myself tended to choose full control arts with
long range because they saw my skill… there were definitely
some who did it because of that. But I’ll say this first; I’ve never
lost a single match against those guys. Anyone who defeats me
would be as good as the new knight commander from then now,
after all. Well, lil’ Alice might do me in sooner or later, though.
Anyway, I’m looking forward to it too. I wonder just what is that
skill of yours that drove off those guys one after another.”
“…Relaxed, aren’t you.”

Having finished chanting the art several seconds ago, Eugeo
muttered so without thinking. However, perhaps because of his
tension, the full control art remained on standby within Eugeo
without getting annulled.
It seemed Bercouli really did give that long-winded speech in
order to grant Eugeo the time to chant his full control art. He
likely had the confidence to crush it on his first encounter,
whatever skill it was.
And although he hated to admit it, even if the ice roses art
were to capture Bercouli, he had absolutely no confidence he
106

Sword Art Online 13 - Alicization Dividing

Chapter 10 - Integrity Knight Commander Bercouli

could shave his Life away like this. In the first place, it was an art
specialized in stopping the opponent’s movement. No, even that
would not succeed for sure with that man as the target. He could
probably rob him of his freedom for several seconds at most.
The way he used that time would decide the flow of the battle.
With drops of water trickling down his whole body, Eugeo got
up from the bath. Climbing the mere three marble steps at the
side was enough to make the chest wound throb. Suffering
another attack of the same level would likely leave him without
even the strength to heal.
“Heh-heh, you coming, boy? Let me say this first, I won’t be
holding back anymore.”

Firmly gripping the metal handle of the Time Piercing Sword
worn in his clothes’ sash, the knight commander smiled broadly.
Atop the pathway, twenty mel apart, Eugeo also held his Blue
Rose Sword forward. The blade in its standby state was already
mildly clad in ice, forming ice crystals in the drifting steam
around it.

Kirito would likely retort with some comment in such a
situation, but his mouth was parched and seemed hardly
capable of moving fluidly. Taking in a deep breadth, Eugeo
cautiously muttered the concluding phrase of the armament full
control art.
“Enhance… armament.”

Byuu! A cold wave swirled around his feet and swept out in all
directions. Eugeo thrust his beloved sword he held with a
reverse grip into the stone floor with all he had.
107

Sword Art Online 13 - Alicization Dividing

Chapter 10 - Integrity Knight Commander Bercouli

The moisture that made the marble’s smooth surface wet
froze over like a mirror in an instant. Making noises like
cracking wood, the icy wave plunged forward towards Bercouli
at the front.
Despite the pathway having a breath of approximately five
mel, the freezing wave brought forth by the Blue Rose Sword
stretched close to ten mel. Layers of ice extended out over the
pools filled with hot water at the sides as well, but as expected,
their advance was sluggish due to the heat. However, this was
no longer any time for excuses.

Shifting all of his mental focus on his right hand, Eugeo
gripped the sword tighter than ever. With a solid roar, countless
rose thorns, rather than tendrils, reached out from the frosty
floor.

Those changed to thick icicles in the blink of an eye and their
sharp ends gleamed all over the pathway while rushing towards
Bercouli, gliding across the ground. However, the knight
commander’s mouth merely stiffened up slightly, moving no
more after lowering his waist in that same position. It appeared
he hadn’t the slightest intention of escaping into the baths at the
sides.
Eugeo steeled his resolve upon seeing that standing figure,
like a guarded fortress. He wasn’t an opponent that one could
defeat without putting one’s life on the line.

Pulling the Blue Rose Sword from the ground, he began
chasing after the ranks of ice spears. His aim was the instant of
vulnerability that the tens of spears might create as Bercouli
intercept them.
108

Sword Art Online 13 - Alicization Dividing

Chapter 10 - Integrity Knight Commander Bercouli

He likely spotted the dashing Eugeo as well, but the knight
commander didn’t show the slightest speck of distress. He
opened his legs wide apart and sent strength into the sword
held at the left of his waist.
“Nuuhn!!”

Accompanying the deep yell was a single, brutal slice. The
ranks of spears had yet to reach and the blade slashed
horizontally through the empty air, but the Time Piercing Sword
severs the future.
Half a second later, the numerous icicles all shattered
simultaneously with loud, shrill screams of “gashaan”. Not a
single one made its way through the slash Bercouli left
behind a moment ago. The knight commander returned his
sword into an upper stance with a hateful nonchalance and
prepared for Eugeo’s follow-up.

However, Eugeo had finally gotten within reach of the enemy
and brandished the weapon in his right hand up high. The many
floating, miniscule shards of ice reflected the light from the
ceiling, but the same went for his opponent.
“Seaaa!!”
“Ouhh!!”

The two screams rang out together.

The light-blue trajectory Eugeo’s sword drew confronted the
dark-gray one drawn by Bercouli’s sword.
In the next moment.

The sword Eugeo held shattered with a fleeting shriek.
109

Sword Art Online 13 - Alicization Dividing

Chapter 10 - Integrity Knight Commander Bercouli

Bercouli’s two eyes widened slightly. He must have been
shocked at the lack of resistance. Eugeo’s right hand, too, felt
nearly none of the impact when the sword smashed into pieces.

That was only natural. Eugeo had thrown away the Blue Rose
Sword he held towards the right immediately before he began
rushing in, breaking of an icicle to serve as a replacement sword.
Bercouli’s downwards slash had been one for repelling
Eugeo’s sword. He would have been overpowered and pushed
backwards if the sword hadn’t been made from ice. However,
the icicle held in his right hand shattered with no resistance at
all and Eugeo kept the momentum from his charge and slipped
past the enemy’s sword, plunging towards his chest.
“Ooohh!”

Rotating his body with that second yell, he rammed hard into
the knight commander’s abdomen with his left shoulder. It was
a secret move named Meteor Break, from the Aincrad style’s
«martial arts». The skill’s meaning was a «crushing meteor». It
didn’t fully activate due to the lack of a sword, but with center of
gravity unsettled by the unexpected strike and his massive
frame fluttered into the air.
This would have normally continued with a horizontal slash
towards the right, but Eugeo spread out his two arms and joined
them around the knight commander’s waist instead.
“Nuhh…”

Even the huge man couldn’t help but to have his stance
broken by the twofold plan that threw his upper torso greatly
off balance. This was the first and final chance.
“Uoooohh!!”

110

Sword Art Online 13 - Alicization Dividing

Chapter 10 - Integrity Knight Commander Bercouli

Erasing the pain from his wound with that roar, Eugeo wrung
every bit of strength from his entire body and threw himself into
the bath on the right with the knight commander. Bercouli tried
to brace himself with his left foot, but his bare foot slid atop the
frosted floor. Following the floating sensation his body felt, the
impact from landing on water shook through to the injury on his
chest.
However, that was a trifling affair compared to the blinding
chill that enveloped his whole body.
“What…!?”

While Eugeo maintained his hold, a third cry of surprise
escaped from Bercouli. The boiling hot water in the bath just
several minutes ago had turned into cold water on the verge of
freezing without his notice. His amazement was only natural.

While holding down the giant, who tried to stand, with his left
hand, Eugeo searched the bottom of the bath with his right. I
should have thrown it around—
Aided by half by his accurate calculations and half by good
fortune, his fingertips touched the grip of his familiar, beloved
sword.
Immediate after, Bercouli tried to stand, shaking Eugeo off
with all his might.

And a sheer moment before that, Eugeo stabbed the Blue Rose
Sword into the bottom of the bath and shouted.
“Fre… eeeeeeze!!”

This was what would decide the battle.
111

Sword Art Online 13 - Alicization Dividing

Chapter 10 - Integrity Knight Commander Bercouli

All that the Blue Rose Sword cooled down was a mere portion
of the hot water filling the gigantic bath. There were still much
hot water around them. It would likely take tens of minutes for
ten sacred arts users to freeze it all, even if they generate
cryogenic elements continuously. But he had no choice.
The armament full control art was an art that awakened a
mighty power that was originally impossible by releasing the
sword’s memories.

The mysterious sage, Cardinal, was the one who said so. In
order to compose the full control art for the Blue Rose Sword
and the black sword, she had Eugeo and Kirito pursue the
memories of their respective swords.

The sacred tool Eugeo possessed, the Blue Rose Sword, was
originally a mass of ice enshrined at the top of the tallest
mountain in the northern mountain range. It was cold there
even during the peak of summer and the ice had never thawed
throughout the year, but at the same time, not a single living
being approached. The eternal mass of ice spent tens of years in
isolation.

However, in a certain spring, the wind blowing through the
mountain range dropped off a little seed right next to the eternal
mass of ice. The ice melted itself day after day, trickling the
meager water it created onto the seed. The seed eventually
budded and a flower bud swelled out, enduring the intense cold,
with that modest, yet beautiful flower blooming with the onset
of summer. It was bluer than the skies of the north, a single rose.
Delighted that it finally had a friend, the eternal mass of ice
spent each and every day conversing with the rose. But on a day
after even autumn passed by, the blue rose spoke thusly. I
112

Sword Art Online 13 - Alicization Dividing

Chapter 10 - Integrity Knight Commander Bercouli

cannot endure the cold of winter. So, it will soon be our time to
part, it said.

The ice lamented. Its tears ran at the sorrow of losing its first
friend and its body diminished. Looking upon the ice in that
state, the blue rose spoke again. Wouldn’t you shut me away
within you before I wither away unseemly? Even if I were to
lose my life then, my form will forever remain.

The eternal mass of ice granted the blue rose’s wish. Spending
its all to move into the puddle of water its tears made, it nestled
close to the blue rose, then prayed. Freeze, freeze, freeze for all
of eternity, it prayed. That prayer was strong, so strong that
even the ice had its heart frozen solid.
By the time the blue rose laid down its life within the ice, the
ice, too, spoke or thought no more. All that remained on the
intensely cold summit was the ice, whittled narrow like a sword
as all of its tears flowed, and a single blue rose shut away within
it.

That might have been the dream Eugeo saw in the Great
Library Room. He had absolutely no idea how crudely shaped
ice could turn into an actual sword or how it moved to the
underground cave from the summit and got protected by the
white dragon, and in the first place, he doubted some mere mass
of ice or rose could possess hearts.
However, even if it was a dream, the ice’s plea remained
vividly within Eugeo. To freeze everything; the sorrow; the pain;
even their lives and time—it prayed.
…Grant me power, Blue Rose Sword!

A new cry came from Eugeo’s mouth the moment he strongly
wished for that.
113

Sword Art Online 13 - Alicization Dividing

Chapter 10 - Integrity Knight Commander Bercouli

“—Release… recollection!!”

The second stage of the armament full control art. The
ceremonial phrase to release all of the strength slumbering
within the sword, the command to «release its memories».
Cardinal had said it was too early for Eugeo to use it, but now—
it would work now and only now.
The sword in his right hand shook violently.

Immediately after, numerous rigid cracking noises
reverberated throughout the whole of the huge bath like
countless panes of glass shattering. With Eugeo’s right hand as
the nexus, a bluish-white circle of light expanded at high speed.
Any hot water that came in contact with that instantaneously
froze, remaining in the form of a ripple.

Despite how the whole of the vast bath had been frozen pure
white, it had merely been several seconds. Eugeo gasped at the
absurd chill engulfing his entire body that was now rendered
utterly immobile. It wouldn’t be this cold even if he stood stark
naked in Rulid Forest in the dead of winter. He wouldn’t even be
able to tell if it was ice on his skin, or scorching iron, if he were
to close his eyes.
He wanted to wipe away the white frost clinging to his
eyebrows, but he held down Bercouli with his left hand deep in
the bath and kept his reverse grip on the Blue Rose Sword with
his right, both firmly stuck where they were. Reluctantly
blinking with all he had and shaking off the ice crystals, Eugeo
confirmed the enemy’s state through the dense mist.
Integrity Knight Commander Bercouli had half of his neck
sunk within the ice. Due to his attempt to get up a moment ago,
both his left hand and his right hand, that should had been
114

Sword Art Online 13 - Alicization Dividing

Chapter 10 - Integrity Knight Commander Bercouli

holding onto the Time Piercing Sword, were deep in the bath,
near the bottom. With that, he could move no longer, just like
Eugeo.

Brittle chimes ringing out from the small icicles hanging off
his eyebrows and hair, the knight commander groaned.

“I didn’t think there would actually be a swordsman who
would throw his sword away in front of an enemy… You’re the
one who came up with this fighting style?”
“…No. My partner taught it to me. That everything in a
battlefield can be used as a weapon or a trap.”

Eugeo somehow replied with his mouth stiffened from the
excess cold. Bercouli momentarily closed his eyes and mouth as
though he was thinking about something, but soon showed a
brazen grin. Loose fragments of ice fell from his mouth.
“Hmm, I get it. Using what’s there, huh… Well, I’ll admit you
got one up on me, but I can’t just lose like this.”
He took in a breath and held it.

What could he be planning at a time like this; that weighed
down on Eugeo’s mind. He would have to immediately prepare a
counter in the off-chance of him starting a chant for a sacred art.
Bercouli’s light blue eyes flashed open. From the space
between his teeth, bared like a beast, a ear-piercing shout rang
out.
“Nuuuuuuuhn!!”

Numerous thick blood vessels surfaced upon the knight
commander’s brow at once. Several bunches of muscles stood
out on his slightly exposed neck, dying his skin bright red.
115

Sword Art Online 13 - Alicization Dividing

“Wha…”

Chapter 10 - Integrity Knight Commander Bercouli

Eugeo couldn’t help but to let out that surprised cry. Bercouli
was recklessly attempting to break through the thick ice with
the strength of his muscles alone.
That couldn’t be possible. Even with unrestricted movement
and sufficient space, a mass of ice of such thickness should be
difficult to shatter with bare hands. Let alone with the knight
commander’s current condition, stuck in place without even a
hair’s breadth to move.
Those clenched white teeth grinded together, producing a
noise like creaking steel. Those blue eyes wore an intense
brilliance, as though they radiated light themselves.
Despite engulfed in a chill below freezing point, a shiver
beyond that stroked along Eugeo’s spine.
Right after which a faint, yet decisive noise rang out.

A crack was produced in the ice separating the pair. Another
diverged from that. And continuing on, yet another.

Eugeo was once again forced to understand that the giant man
before his eyes was no mere human. He was one who stood on
the summit beyond the valiant group of integrity knights picked
from the best swordsmen among the four empires—the
strongest man of the Human World. He had probably spent a
hundred or two years’ worth of time in the midst of battle; a
living legend.
A battle against such a foe did not allow for even an instant of
negligence. Eugeo had never really believed the battle could end
just by freezing the enemy and himself in ice, from the very
116

Sword Art Online 13 - Alicization Dividing

Chapter 10 - Integrity Knight Commander Bercouli

beginning. His true aim lay beyond—to force it into a mutual
struggle for Life.
Firmly holding his beloved sword by its grip below the ice,
with it still in its recollection released state now, Eugeo
sharpened his senses.

If the memory Eugeo had seen proved true, the Blue Rose
Sword possessed a slightly different origin when compared to
Kirito’s black sword, the knight commander’s Time Piercing
Sword, or Fanatio’s Heaven Piercing Sword. That would be how
there were two existences who served as the roots for the
sword. The eternal mass of ice and the single rose shut away
within it.
The mass of ice’s ability froze everything and anything. And
the rose’s ability—made life blossom.
“Bloom—Blue Rose!!”

Responding to Eugeo’s scream, countless flower buds came to
life on the ice surface. They opened apart while rotating,
spreading out blue, razorlike petals that were faintly translucent.
Led by a single rose, blooming with a chime resembling that of
a bell, countless—beyond several hundreds—roses bloomed
one after another. It was an extraordinarily beautiful, yet
ruthless sight. After all, these enormous roses were only fully
bloomed by absorbing Eugeo’s and Bercouli’s Lives.
Energy left his limbs and even his vision began to darken. He
no longer had any tactile sensation from the ice on his skin, let
alone the chill. He could only allow the paralyzing numbness
engulf his entire body.
117

Sword Art Online 13 - Alicization Dividing

Chapter 10 - Integrity Knight Commander Bercouli

Powerful as he was, even Bercouli would now have had the
strength needed to smash the ice prison sapped away from the
root; his red-hot skin visibly turning white, its color draining
away. The composure vanished from his manly facial features
for the first time since the battle began.
“You rascal… don’t tell me you’ve been aiming for a draw…
since the start, boy?”
“Don’t… get me wrong.”

Giving his all to lift his increasingly heavy eyelids, Eugeo
forced out a hoarse voice.

“There is only one thing I have a hope of winning you in… That
is… our amounts of Life. Fanatio-san sustained nearly the same
amount of injuries as my partner and they collapsed at the same
time… in other words, even if you integrity knights don’t die
from old age, your amount of Life is no different from ours… am
I right…?
Even as his mouth moved, sparkling beads of light flowed out
from the ice roses that continued blooming. The fact that he
hadn’t been hearing the thunderous roar of hot water pouring
down for a while now must have been proof that even those
spouts were frozen.

Thick ice had already encased both Bercouli and Eugeo
without anyone’s notice, leaving alone only the center of their
faces. If their Stacia Windows were to be opened, one should be
able to witness their Lives reducing at a terrifying rate.
Enduring the growing impulse to sleep, Eugeo desperately
continued speaking.

“…Based on your appearances, you must have been over forty
when you became an integrity knight… naturally, your
118

Sword Art Online 13 - Alicization Dividing

Chapter 10 - Integrity Knight Commander Bercouli

maximum Life must have went down. In comparison, my Life
have been approaching its maximum… even if I suffered a single
sword blow, I should still have more. That was what I bet on.”
Bercouli’s two eyes flashed open hardly any time after Eugeo
finished speaking. His whole face distorted severely, breaking
the icicles hanging from his brow and nose all at once.
“Boy… what was that just now?”

Despite how difficult it must be to continue maintaining his
consciousness in such a situation, an intense light surfaced in
the knight commander’s eyes.

“Became an integrity knight… you said…? Why are ya
mouthing off like ya know what we were like in our last lives?”

Eugeo blinked once before scraping together what strength he
had left and replied.
“That’s… what I can’t forgive about the lot of you.”

The strong emotions swelling from the depths of his mind
made him forget about the despair his whole body was in, even
if it was for a mere instant.

“Forgetting all about who you were… dedicating your sword
to the Axiom Church without even knowing its true form…
putting on that facade that insists that you’re justice, that you’re
the one who enforces the law. …You aren’t some holy knight
summoned from the Celestial World by the highest minister.
Your mother gave birth to you and gave you the name, Bercouli,
you’re a human just like me!”
It happened then, in the particular moment when he shouted
that out—
119

Sword Art Online 13 - Alicization Dividing

Chapter 10 - Integrity Knight Commander Bercouli

120

Sword Art Online 13 - Alicization Dividing

Chapter 10 - Integrity Knight Commander Bercouli

Eugeo finally recalled «who» was the giant man in front of his
eyes.

The overwhelming surprise squeezed a short gasp from him.
Bercouli… that was the name of that individual who appeared in
that old story he heard from his grandfather when he was young.
The renowned swordsman who founded Rulid Village three
hundred years ago and became the first guard leader. The hero
who went exploring the cave at the mountain range at the edge
and tried to steal a precious sword from the sleeping white
dragon’s side… the Blue Rose Sword Eugeo was holding onto
right now.
He pondered if this was a descendant of the original Bercouli,
bearing the same name, but refuted that instantly. The integrity
knights, who have had their natural reduction of Life frozen,
would not age. In other words, this was the man himself. The
main character of that fairy tale, “Bercouli and the White Dragon
of the North”, he loved as a child… and one that he could recall
no longer than that summer Alice was taken away, was now
before Eugeo’s eyes. With his memories of his time in Rulid lost,
and as an integrity knight.
Recovering, somehow, from the ephemeral yet immense
shock, Eugeo spoke in faltering words.
“…Bercouli. You… should remember seeing my sword
somewhere.”

The Blue Rose Sword, now with all the strength it held
awakened, continued shining a cold light roughly ten cen
beneath the ice surface.

The commander of the integrity knights, also the main
character of that fairy tale from three hundred years ago,
121

Sword Art Online 13 - Alicization Dividing

Chapter 10 - Integrity Knight Commander Bercouli

lowered his gaze to glance into the ice. His burly chin went rigid
and he forced out a hoarse voice from between his clench teeth.
However, Bercouli’s words betrayed Eugeo’s expectations.
“…That’s right… somewhere… —Back then… that time…”

His once-closed eyelids gently raised and the integrity knight
commander spoke.
“—A sword like that was in the nest when I killed the
guardian dragon of the north…”

Assault by another wave of shock, he blurted out his words,
the thought of the chill freezing over his entire body
momentarily leaving him.
“You killed… it…?”

The scene Alice and him witnessed when they explored the
northern cave together eight years ago resurfaced in his mind.

Those countless, giant bones stacked up in that spacious area
at the heart of the cave. Sharp wounds were carved into them
from all angles. Injuries caused by neither the tusk nor nails of
beasts, but by a sword swung by human hands.
“Those dragon bones… You’re the one who did that…? You…
even killed the… dragon who appeared in your own story…?”

Not restraining the feverish emotions welling up in his chest
despite the cold cutting through his whole body, Eugeo viciously
shook his head. Something ran from his two eyes as well,
blurring his vision.

“So you’ve truly forgotten… anything and everything…
Bercouli, you’re a hero who everybody knew about in the village
I grew up in, Rulid, whether they’re old or young. You made the
122

Sword Art Online 13 - Alicization Dividing

Chapter 10 - Integrity Knight Commander Bercouli

long and harsh journey to the north from the central and
founded a village in the wild lands, you’re our ancestor. The
highest minister captured you, sealed away your memories, and
made you the first integrity knight. You aren’t the only one,
Fanatio-san’s the same, Eldrie-san too, and even Alice… it
happened to everyone. Before they were made into integrity
knights, everyone were the same as us… every one of them was
human…”
“Sealed away… my memories, you say…?”

Bercouli’s eyes, that had proved utterly unwavering
throughout the battle, lost their focus as though they were
looking towards somewhere far away. A soft voice, barely
audible, streamed out from his mouth that lost its strength.

“……I can’t quite believe in your story so easily… But… I also
thought… the story about me being summoned from the
Celestial World as a knight of the gods… didn’t cut it for a long
time…”

All of Bercouli’s strength had already left him since some time
ago. Frost settled in layers over his manly features once again.
The tears flowing down Eugeo’s cheeks, too, froze before long
and they were absorbed into the layer of ice encroaching over
his face, vanishing.
The fairy tale he had heard countless times since he was
young, of Bercouli and the white dragon. The reality that the
hero who served as its lead had killed the dragon who served as
the other main character brought an indescribable sense of loss
and futility to Eugeo.
The highest minister, Administrator, had strength far beyond
what he could imagine. After all, she could manipulate even
123

Sword Art Online 13 - Alicization Dividing

Chapter 10 - Integrity Knight Commander Bercouli

some great swordsmen with ease, turning them into her loyal
knights. She might not have been an existence two mere
swordsmen-in-training could have hoped to deal with in the
first place. The highest minister… and the Axiom Church too.

Eugeo sensed, somewhere in his head, that barely any of his
Life that the ice roses continued absorbing remained within
himself. Bercouli was the same. Those half-open, bluish-gray
eyes beyond the frost had nearly all of its light vanquished.
—It’s a tie?

The moment he thought so, a minor spark flickered to life in
the depths of his chest, the desire to not fall here and now. But
he couldn’t even move a finger. The strength began to gently
leave his right hand, gripping onto the Blue Rose Sword under
the ice…
It was then.

“Ho-hooo, sublime, simply sublime.”

A grating voice, like scratching a fork across a metal plate with
strength, rang widely throughout the large bath.
Eugeo moved his hazy eyes and saw a queerly formed
silhouette swaying along the pathway as it approached.

It should be a human, but excessively round for one. Its torso,
that swelled out in a perfect circle, had comically short limbs
attached to it. Its neck was absolutely out of sight and a head,
round as well, sat directly atop it. It appeared just like those
snow figures kids built in winter.

However, the clothes it wore were so richly colored, it hurt to
look at them. Clad in a lustrous costume that was deep red on
124

Sword Art Online 13 - Alicization Dividing

Chapter 10 - Integrity Knight Commander Bercouli

the right and deep blue on the left, its lavish stomach had golden
buttons that could hardly hold on. Likewise, its trousers were
differently colored on the left and right and that attention to
detail stayed the same for even its shoes.
There wasn’t a single strand of hair on its round head and a
golden angular hat sat on the smooth top. Its shape resembled
the hat that Cardinal, the sage from the Great Library Room,
wore, but was far worse taste. And to add on, its height was no
more than a little over a mel.

A similarly dressed jester balancing on a ball was among the
troupes of performers that showed off various acrobatics in
Centoria’s sixth district’s plaza during the midsummer festival.
However, it was evident enough from his facial features that the
small man had no such smoothing qualities at all.
He couldn’t put a figure on the man’s age. His skin was
bizarrely white, his nose was round, his cheeks were loose, and
his unreasonably red lips split into a split in a wide smirk. His
eyes were long and narrow in a crescent shape, arching
upwards as though they were laughing, but the glint in those
eyes peeking from those slits were abnormally cold.

The jester clad in red and blue skipped as he crossed the
marble path, then jumped down onto the frozen bath with vigor.
His shoes, pointed at their ends, crushed two ice roses with a
splintering noise.
“Ho, hoo! Hoo, hoo, hoo!”

Apparently having found something hilarious, the small man
clapped his hands and laughed a squeaky laugh for a while, then
began kicking about the roses around, turning them into specks
of glass one after another. Making a ruckus as he continued
125

Sword Art Online 13 - Alicization Dividing

Chapter 10 - Integrity Knight Commander Bercouli

scattering those specks, he approached Eugeo and Bercouli who
were captured within the ice.
Standing still several mel away, the small man kicked one last
rose to pieces before finally turning his face towards them.
Those red lips opened widely and that unsettling voice
reverberated yet again.

“Oho… unacceptable, this is simply unacceptable, Sir Knight
Commander. I don’t suppose you thought you could just kick the
bucket like that? That would be clear treachery, you know,
towards Her Eminence, the resplendent highest minister. I’m
sure she’ll be outraged when she awakes, you know?”
To that, with his consciousness seemingly on the verge of
fading, Bercouli’s lips quivered and a low and hoarse voice
flowed out.
“Chief Elder… Chudelkin… Don’t get involved in a battle
between swordsmen… you snob…”
“Hoo, hohoo!”

Upon hearing Bercouli’s words, the small jester skipped three
steps while loudly clapping his hands.
“Swordsmen! Battle! You make me laugh, hoohoohooo!”

That shrill laughter that didn’t seem like that of a human
spread out.

“You sure can speak, after even so generously going easy
against a filthy traitor! Sir Knight Commander, you haven’t used
the «other side» of your Time Piercing Sword yet, have you? You
could have killed that brat before he could get a word out if you
126

Sword Art Online 13 - Alicization Dividing

Chapter 10 - Integrity Knight Commander Bercouli

felt like it! That’s what I meant by treachery towards the highest
minister in the first place!!”
“Shaddup… I had… fought with all I got… Besides, you lied to
me, didn’t you… This rascal… isn’t some assassin from the Dark
Territory… He’s way better than some ugly lump of meat like
you…”
“Shuuuut your moouth! Or I’ll pull out your haaaair!!”

His two eyes peeled open widely all of a sudden and the small
man hopped up and down like some ball, then stomped hard on
Bercouli’s head with his short legs. Swaying left and right atop
the knight commander’s head, he continued screaming in his
shrill voice.

“In the first place, it’s because you shitty knights do such a
shitty job that it ended up this troublesome. You made me laugh
so hard when you guys got beaten up by just two kids that my
stomach’s splitting. Once Her Eminence awakes, I’m sure every
single one of the knights… or at least, both you and the deputy
knight commander will be reprocessed!”
“What… you, just… what did you…”

“Ah, geez, shut up, shut up. That’s already out of you, go to
sleep.”

The small man stuck out his little finger on his right hand out
in an exaggerated gesture while riding on Bercouli’s head.
Licking his lips with his deep red tongue, he began a sacred art
chant at a piercing pitch.
“System caaaaall! Deep freeee—eeze! Integrator unit, ID zero
zero oneeeee!”
127

Sword Art Online 13 - Alicization Dividing

Chapter 10 - Integrity Knight Commander Bercouli

It was a sacred art he had never heard before. The art itself
was unusually short and even if it was an offensive art, it
wouldn’t have any great effect—or so he thought.
“Guh…”

Bercouli moaned weakly. Immediate after, his body—his hair,
his skin, even the clothes he wore, began increasingly dyed in a
dim, gray color. Rather than being frozen, it appeared like he
was turning to stone.
Light completely vanished from his two eyes and his body,
bound by ice, changed to a mud-like color from its edges, before
the small man—the jester called Chief Elder Chudelkin—finally
jumped off Integrity Knight Commander Bercouli’s head with
vigor.
“Hoh, hohi, hohihi… actually I have no need of some geezer
like you anymore, you know, number one. I mean, I’ve found a
pawn who seems like he’d be pretty useful… haven’t I?”

The jester muttered so as his pinhole, small eyes glared
fixedly at Eugeo. Fear, colder than the ice surrounding him, ran
down his spine.

However, Eugeo reached his limit then. He desperately stared
at those red and blue shoes approaching as they trampled on the
ice roses, but that scene immediately faded out into a dim
darkness.
—Kirito.

——Alice…

Eugeo’s consciousness was severed as he called out their two
names in the depths of his chest.
128

Sword Art Online 13 - Alicization Dividing

Chapter 11 – The Secret of The Chamber of Elders

Chapter 11
The Secret of The Chamber of Elders
5th Month of Human World Calendar 380

1
My two eyes flashed open upon the onslaught of a sudden,

violent shudder.

I had only planned on shutting my eyelids with my back

against the wall, but I suppose I must have fallen asleep

sometime. I had forgotten any details of that scary nightmare I
saw the moment it rattled me awake… or so the lingering fear
and unease clinging on in my head seemed to imply.

I briefly checked out the surroundings while rousing my

upper body, but there appeared to be no difference from before.
I was atop a narrow terrace created on the outer walls of the

Central Cathedral, probably around the eighty-eighth floor. The
sun had sunk beyond the horizon in front for quite some time
and the darkness covered the skies as though ink had been
smeared over it. However, no matter how much I scanned

through, I could see only multiple stars through the gaps in the
clouds, lacking of the moon I impatiently awaited. I seemed to
have heard the night’s eight o’clock bell a while ago, but it
129

Sword Art Online 13 - Alicization Dividing

Chapter 11 – The Secret of The Chamber of Elders

appeared it would still take more time before the moon goddess
would begin resupplying the meager space resources she could.
Integrity Knight Alice, having agreed to a truce, might be

expressing her wariness of me through physical distance as she

sat, hugging her knees with her eyelids shut, at a position on the
verge of entering a new gargoyle’s… no, «minion»’s reaction

range if she went any further to the right. I personally hoped to
grab hold of a clue to avoid that approaching battle, even by a

little bit, through conversation in this lull, but it appeared she

had no intention of being receptive to idle chatter. The problem
would have been settled by simply pricking Alice with the

dagger carefully produced by Cardinal and held by Eugeo if only
he was here, though.

And just what was he doing about now—?

Now that I thought about it, in these two years ever since I

met him in the forest south of Rulid, this might be the first time
we had fallen into such a situation that we were barred from

meeting each other regardless of our wills. We lined up on the

grass or complained as we equally shared a narrow bed in some
cheap inn during the long journey until we reached the capital

and were always in the same room in the dormitory even after
we enrolled in the Sword Mastery Academy. We spent time

together as though it was a natural thing to do and I hadn’t been
deliberately conscious of his presence, but being separated was
strangely irritating.

130

Sword Art Online 13 - Alicization Dividing

Chapter 11 – The Secret of The Chamber of Elders

No— It was beyond what a simple word like that could

describe, I know for sure.

In this ultimate virtual world called the Underworld, I gained

someone of the same gender whom I could call a close friend for
what was likely the first time in my life. It was certainly

embarrassing to state it out, but I couldn’t help but to admit it.

Before getting imprisoned within the death game, SAO, I had

considered the male students of my school childish and had
always kept them at a distance as mere associates.

That incurable tendency of mine didn’t change much even

when imprisoned in that floating castle in a virtual world.

Fortunately enough, I managed to befriend several extremely
matured adults such as Klein or Agil, but still, I doubt we had

reached a level of intimacy where I could expose the depths of

my being. Even despite my deep intimacy with Asuna, the only
time I could expose my inner weaknesses was right before

Aincrad crumbled away, when both of our consciousness were
on the verge of disappearing.

It wasn’t like I thought that I possessed some special ability

unlike others or anything of that sort. In actual fact, there was
nothing I could boast of in school, both athletically and
academically.

Due to how I was able to count my rank among the top few

percent, comprising of the clearing players, when taken captive
131

Sword Art Online 13 - Alicization Dividing

Chapter 11 – The Secret of The Chamber of Elders

in SAO, I must have been fascinated by the pleasure that came

with excelling. The primary factors that boosted me among the

top players were my «familiarity» from continual indulgence in
VR worlds since fulldive-type games were developed and my
«knowledge» accumulated from my time in SAO’s beta test,
things utterly unrelated to my personal capabilities.

However, even after getting released from SAO, I couldn’t

maintain myself, my persona, without continuing to prove my
«strength in VR worlds». I was imprisoned by the complex
those around me had, of recognizing me more as the hero,

Kirito, who cleared the death game, instead of the flesh-and-

blood, feeble Kirigaya Kazuto; or rather, I couldn’t even deny I

might have been leading them on to do so myself. Despite how I

knew in the depths of my heart, that perpetuating such bravado
would put me further away from what truly mattered.

Hence, when I met Eugeo in this world and realized that I

could comfortably stand before him without any pretension, as
my real self, I was surprised and pondered on the reason.

Because Eugeo was an artificial fluct light unlike myself?

Because he didn’t know the hero of SAO, Kirito? No, that wasn’t
it. The greatest reason was definitely—because Eugeo

possessed far more ability than myself in this Underworld, a
world both real and virtual in a certain sense.

His natural talent with the sword was simply tremendous. No

matter what was compared, be it our perception, our judgement,
132

Sword Art Online 13 - Alicization Dividing

Chapter 11 – The Secret of The Chamber of Elders

or our reaction speed, he would leave me, who had been

through harsh battles in VR worlds, in the dust. If the circuit for
combat mounted on my fluct light was said to be a silicon CPU

from bygone days, Eugeo’s would be the latest diamond CPU. I

might still look like the mentor at the current moment, but that
was merely because I had a larger wealth of experience and
knowledge; nothing more than that. If Eugeo continued to

improve at his current pace, the day our roles reverse wouldn’t
be too far off.

The extensive experience with combat burnt into my body

ended up with that grand name, «Aincrad style», but I couldn’t
help but to feel a mysterious happiness and profound

satisfaction when Eugeo absorbed it like water on sand. The

«swordsmanship» that formed the foundations of my ego for a
long time, despite me thinking it really wasn’t anything more

than a technique for games, seemed truly tangible for the first
time only after it was refined and blossomed within Eugeo—I
could even claim to feel that way.

If I could successfully solve all of the problems surrounding

the Underworld and bring Eugeo’s fluct light over into the real
world, I would have him dive into ALfheim Online—the

interface for light cubes was almost certain to be compatible
with VR worlds based on The Seed—and introduce him to

Asuna, Leafa, Klein, and the rest. As my first apprentice who had
inherited my skill with the sword, and a close friend.
133

Sword Art Online 13 - Alicization Dividing

Chapter 11 – The Secret of The Chamber of Elders

I couldn’t wait until that moment. I believe that moment

would be the first time when those many people who had
supported and helped out would be truly……
“Why are you grinning away?”

A voice suddenly came from the right and I blinked my eyes,

putting a stop to my daydreaming.

Turning my face that way, I saw Alice gazing at me with a

somewhat disgusted expression. I roughly wiped my mouth
with the back of my right hand and spoke.

“No, I was just… thinking a little about things from now on…”
“You must be quite an optimist to make that sloppy smile

from that, or perhaps just a fool. When even escaping from this
stone ledge seems doubtful.”

As usual, a bitter tone. I didn’t know Knight Alice’s former

personality, the Alice from Rulid, but if her character stayed this
way even after her memories returned, I could easily imagine
her locking horns with those like Sinon or Lisbeth if she

escaped to the real world with Eugeo and I introduced them to
my comrades.

There certainly was a mountain of problems to get through

before that ultimate good ending from my daydreams could

occur. The one with utmost priority would be to escape from

this terrace filled with rows of those repulsive minion statues,

but along with the deficiency of the space resources needed to
134

Sword Art Online 13 - Alicization Dividing

Chapter 11 – The Secret of The Chamber of Elders

create pitons and all, my willpower-and-stamina resources… or
to be specific, the hunger tormenting my empty stomach, was
nearly at its limit.

Inconspicuously pressing down on my belly with my right

hand, I replied with the most serious face I could muster.

“I believe we should be able to continue climbing the wall

when the moon rises. It’s not that hard as long as we can

create pi… those wedges. And it doesn’t look like there are any
more minions set up above…. It’s just that, putting aside the

problem regarding sacred power, thinking about climbing this
steep wall for another few tens of mel alone is making me feel
so hungry, I’m getting dizzy…”

“…That’s exactly what I find irresponsible about you. It’s

merely skipping a meal or two, what are you, a child?”

“Yeah, yeah, well, I’m a kid after all, I mean, I’m still barely

considered as a growing child, you know? Unlike you amazing
integrity knights, my Life will fall like a brick if I don’t eat.”

“I will state this first, but us integrity knights, too, get hungry

and have our Lives reduced if we don’t eat!”

The corners of her eyes coldly raised and Alice declared so.
In that moment, a cute noise came from around the girl’s

stomach and I couldn’t contain an unintentional, stifled laugh.

135

Sword Art Online 13 - Alicization Dividing

Chapter 11 – The Secret of The Chamber of Elders

The esteemed knight’s face instantaneously turned red and

upon seeing her right hand swiftly grab hold of her sword’s grip
next, I retreated around fifty centimeters in panic.

“Wah, wait, I’m sorry! I guess that makes sense, you’re still

living even if you’re an integrity knight. It’s only natural to get
hungry if you’re living.”

Shrinking while lining together those artless words, I noticed

the sensation of something being squeezed in the left pocket of

my trousers. Thrusting my hand in, wondering what it could be,
I recalled what it was upon my fingers making contact and gave
thanks to my own wisdom and greed.

“Ooh, it’s assistance from up above. Look, I found something

good.”

What I pulled out were two steaming meat buns. Those I

stuffed into my two pockets when I left Cardinal’s Great Library
Room. Half were shared with Eugeo and eaten for lunch, but I
totally forgot about those left over. They were more or less

squashed after those numerous fierce battles, but I couldn’t
very well ask for the world in a situation like this.
“…Why do you have those in your pocket?”

Alice had an expression like she was stunned from the depths

of her heart and took her hand off her sword.

“I hit my pocket and there were two meat buns.”
136

Sword Art Online 13 - Alicization Dividing

Chapter 11 – The Secret of The Chamber of Elders

Using that phrase that Alice definitely didn’t understand 4 as a

smokescreen, I quickly displayed the

«window» of the meat buns and confirmed that they still had

much of their Life remaining. They looked shabby, but as they
were created from those precious, ancient book objects by
Cardinal, their durability were shockingly high.

That said, chewing on these now cold and tough meat buns as

they were wouldn’t bring out any taste. After some thought, I
stretched out my left hand and chanted a command.
“System call. Generate thermal element.”

Even if it wasn’t enough for piton creation, there was

apparently enough space resources for creating a small thermal
element as a unreliable, flickering, orange point of light

appeared atop my palm. Bring the two meat buns held in my
hands closer to the thermal element, I started on the next
command.
“Bur…”

-st; before I could continue, a hand reaching out from my side

like a flash of lightning pinned down my mouth.
“Mghh!?”

“What are you, a moron?! They would be charred black in an

instant if you do that!”

“hit my pocket” – From a Japanese song for children, called “Fushigi na
Poketto“.
4

137

Sword Art Online 13 - Alicization Dividing

Chapter 11 – The Secret of The Chamber of Elders

After scolding me with eyes filled equally with anger,

stupefaction, and contempt, Alice snatched the meat buns from

my right hand. Aah; the moment I let out that miserable cry, the
thermal element in my left hand, too, vanished as though it

dissolved into the air. The knight didn’t look at me any longer
and brandished open her lithe left hand as she voiced out a
melodious sacred art.

“Generate thermal element… aqueous element… aerial element.”
On three of her fingertips, from her thumb to her middle

finger, appeared points of light, orange, blue, and green in color.
I tilted my head in bewilderment over Alice’s intentions before
she continued processing the three elements in a complex

manner with additional sacred arts and her fingers’ movement.
She first made a spherical swirl with the aerial element and

made the two meat buns hover in there. Next, she threw the
thermal and aqueous elements in too and the moment she
touched them, she burst them.

Shuu! That sound rang out as the wind barrier immediately

became blotted out in pure white. Though it appeared calm on

the outside, scalding steam must be swirling within that barrier.
I see, so this would cause the same effect as when using a
steamer.

After around thirty seconds, the three elements finished their

part and vanished as they scattered. The two meat buns falling

onto Alice’s hands from midair had swelled in a perfectly round
138

Sword Art Online 13 - Alicization Dividing

Chapter 11 – The Secret of The Chamber of Elders

shape as though they were just made, with warm steam rising
from them.

“L-Lemme have one already… wait, a-aaaah!?”

Upon spotting Alice trying to down both of the meat buns

held in her two hands as I reached my hand out, I let out a

pathetic cry. But fortunately, the great integrity knight stopped
right before it reached her mouth and muttered “I’m joking”

with a rigid face before presenting one to me. Snatching it while
feeling relieved, I blew on it before taking a big bite into it.

Every existence in the Underworld was like a dream, relived

from one’s extensive memories—my mind understood that, but
the texture of steaming bun’s tender skin and juicy meat filling
still momentarily invited me into paradise. The precious food

ended up in my stomach—or to be accurate, a part in my fluct

light’s memories in merely three bites, and I let out a deep sigh
while tasting both a sense of satisfaction and a sense of
dissatisfaction at the same time.

By my side, Alice, too, downed her meat bun in four bites and

a doleful sigh escaped from her just like me. While feeling a

profound emotion over how this amazing integrity knight who

was like an avatar of battles had a somewhat girlish side to her
too, I nonchalantly spoke.

“I see… I didn’t think it would be possible to steam a meat bun

with just elements and no other tools. I guess that’s just as
139

Sword Art Online 13 - Alicization Dividing

Chapter 11 – The Secret of The Chamber of Elders

expected of the big sister of that Selka and her skill at cooking,
don’t you…”

It happened in the moment I said that aloud.

The hand reached out at a ferocious speed once more and

strongly gripped my nape. However, this time, Alice’s face
expressed neither bewilderment nor contempt.

An intense light surfaced in her blue eyes like fireworks, her

cheeks tinted pale-white, and her lips trembled slightly.

Practically lifting me up with her right hand alone, the knight let
out a hoarse voice.

“You, what did you just say?”

Here, I finally realized what a horrible slip of the tongue I had

made, far too late.

There was nearly no mistake that the golden integrity knight

glaring at me from twenty centimeters away was Alice

Schuberg, Eugeo’s childhood friend and the elder sister of that
sister apprentice from Rulid, Selka, but the person herself had
no recollection of that. The moment she was taken away to

Central Centoria eight years ago and made into an integrity

knight through the «Synthesis Ritual», she would have had an

important fragment of her memories stolen away and a «piety
module» inserted in its place, becoming unable to recall
anything from before the ceremony.
140

Sword Art Online 13 - Alicization Dividing

Chapter 11 – The Secret of The Chamber of Elders

The current Alice believed herself to be summoned from the

Celestial World to maintain the peace and order of the world,
and to battle the invasion of darkness—no, she was made to

believe so. To the girl, the authority of the Axiom Church and its
highest minister, Administrator, was absolute, and there was
probably no chance she would accept some story about

Administrator kidnapping humans of high caliber from all over
the world solely for the sake of satisfying her own desire to
dominate.

In the first place, it was due to the expectation that Alice

wouldn’t be swayed no matter how hard we tried, that Eugeo

and I decided on the plan of using the daggers bestowed upon

us by Cardinal to send Alice into a temporary frozen state. The
current situation was in no way expected, but still, there was

probably only one thing for me to do—avoid the battle against

Alice while re-uniting with Eugeo, and creating an opportunity
to use the dagger he held.

Agitated over how I had destroyed that entire plan with a

single line, I desperately racked my brain. It was clear upon

seeing Alice’s expression that this wasn’t a situation I could play
off by saying that I messed up on my words.

No matter how I thought, there were no more than two

choices. Whether to fight with Alice here and now, and make

her faint without landing a fatal blow, then carrying her up to
141

Sword Art Online 13 - Alicization Dividing

Chapter 11 – The Secret of The Chamber of Elders

the ninety-fifth floor—or to gather my resolve and tell her
everything.

The choice I would pick would depend on what Alice could

believe. A fight if I believed her skill with the sword to be

inferior to mine. Or a conversation if I believed her intelligence
to exceed mine.

Upon thinking hard for several seconds, I decided. Taking

Alice’s gaze, burning like a blue flame, head-on, I opened my
mouth.

“You have a little sister, that’s what I said. I’ll tell you… I don’t

know if you will accept any of it, but I’ll tell you everything of
what I believe to be the truth.”

Perhaps sensing a certain something behind my brief words,

Alice was the one who hesitated this time, before abruptly

opening up her right hand after several seconds had passed.

The knight continued kneeling on both knees as she fixed her

stare down on me who fell onto the terrace on my backside. I
suppose this act of listening to my words in such a situation

alone would already be straying from the proper conduct of an

integrity knight. Her reason, recommending that she end my life
with a single slash, must be going through a bitter battle against
her desire to gain new knowledge within herself.

142

Sword Art Online 13 - Alicization Dividing

Chapter 11 – The Secret of The Chamber of Elders

Perhaps having steeled her mind, Alice eventually lowered

her waist slowly and spoke after assuming what resembled a
formal sitting posture.

“…Talk. But take note… if I judge your words to be any sort of

deception, I will cut you there and then.”

Hearing that low and stifled voice coming from Alice, I took in

a deep breath and gathered strength in my core before curtly
nodding.

“…Go ahead. If that judgement to cut me was truly made by

your own self, that is. If you want to ask for the reason why I
phrased it so… it would be because you have a instruction

within yourself, passed down by someone else, yet hidden from
your consciousness.”

“…Are you talking about the duty of the integrity knights?”
“That’s it.”

The moment I nodded, Alice’s eyes narrowed with hostility.

However, at the same time, I spotted a faint wavering of

emotion in the depths of those eyes. That was definitely Alice’s

true spirit. With the intent of directing my words towards there,
I continued.

“The integrity knights are existences summoned by the

goddesses’ messenger, the highest minister of the Axiom

Church, Administrator, from the Celestial World to preserve

order and justice… that’s what all of you identify as, I believe.
143

Sword Art Online 13 - Alicization Dividing

Chapter 11 – The Secret of The Chamber of Elders

However, the only ones who believe so are those within the

Central Cathedral. The thousands of people living in the Human
World don’t think that the slightest bit.”
“What… drivel are you spouting?”

“You can just go ahead and ask anyone at all, go down into the

world and ask those living in the capital this. Ask them what’s
bestowed upon the champions of the Four Empires Unity

Tournament held annually. They will answer with this. The

honor of being appointed as an integrity knight of the church.”

“Appointed as… an integrity knight…? That couldn’t possibly

be true, that is simply ridiculous. I have been acquainted with a
great many integrity knights, but not a single one had claimed
to be once human.”

“It’s the other way round. There wasn’t a single one who

hadn’t been once human.”

I straightened my back and peered into the knight’s eyes. I

desperately cried out towards Alice’s human spirit that
definitely laid in their depths.

“Alice. I believe you have no memories of who gave birth to

you in that Celestial World place or where you grew up. Your
first memory is probably the scene of Administrator looking
towards you and telling you that you’re a sacred knight sent
from there or something like that, isn’t it?”
“……”

144

Sword Art Online 13 - Alicization Dividing

Chapter 11 – The Secret of The Chamber of Elders

It seemed I had hit the bulls-eye as Alice raised her upper

body slightly while biting her lips.

“…That’s… because integrity knights have their memories of

the Celestial World sealed away by the goddess, Stacia, upon

descending to this land and… can one day return to the sacred
land once more after we carry out our duties as knights and
obliterate all of those wicked beings of the Dark Territory…

regaining our memories regarding our parents and siblings…
that’s what the highest minister… had said……”

The golden knight’s resolute voice trailed off and vanished.
I understood in that instant. Integrity Knight Alice strongly

sought memories of her family from the depths of her heart,

even if she wasn’t self-conscious of it. That explained her sharp
reaction towards Selka’s name earlier.

Picking my words with care, I continued the explanation.

“Administrator’s words were true on one count. The knights’

memories really are sealed away. But the one who did it wasn’t
Goddess Stacia, but the highest minister herself. And it wasn’t
the memories of the Celestial World that were sealed, but the

memories of being born and raised among this world of humans.
The same goes for the other integrity knights too, like Eldrie for
example. He was born in a high class aristocratic family in
Norlangarth North Empire, achieved victory in the Unity
145

Sword Art Online 13 - Alicization Dividing

Chapter 11 – The Secret of The Chamber of Elders

Tournament this year, and attained the honor of becoming an
integrity knight.

“Those are… lies! How could have my disciple, Knight Thirty-

one, possibly been born in one of those depraved upper class
noble…”

“Listen here, Eldrie didn’t collapse during our battle because

he got cut. There weren’t any severe wounds on his body, were
there? It’s because my partner remembered his original name,
Eldrie Woolsburg, and ended up stimulating the sealed

memories of his mother. Eldrie tried to remember his mother.
But he couldn’t no matter how hard he tried. That was only

natural; those memories had been extracted from his soul by

Administrator and kept safe on the top floor of the cathedral.”
“…Memories… of his mother…?”

Alice’s lips shivered slightly. Her two eyes drifted off my face

and wandered through the air.

“Eldrie has… a human… a noble mother…?”

“It’s not just him. Probably half of the integrity knights were

experts with the sword who won the Unity Tournament and

most of those should be noble children specially educated with
swordsmanship since they were young. In exchange for

entrusting their children to the Axiom Church, the nobles attain
a generous amount of money, goods, and land. That
146

Sword Art Online 13 - Alicization Dividing

Chapter 11 – The Secret of The Chamber of Elders

arrangement had already been in place for over a hundred
years.”

“…I can’t believe it… that story of yours is much too

preposterous.”

The golden knight, who had likely believed in a unblemished

sanctity of the Axiom Church and integrity knights without the

slightest misgiving, shook her head left and right like a child to
reject the notion.

“The upper class nobles of the four empires… I cannot claim

all of the aristocracy to be the same, but they are addicted to

their languid, extravagant manner of living. That is the meaning
behind our existences, we integrity knights are here to protect
the Human World. And despite that… you claim Eldrie and the

other knights were born out of those upper class nobles sunk in
utmost depravity… that is impossible. I cannot possibly believe
that.”

“The depravity of the upper class nobles was caused by the

high social position and the numerous privileges granted to
them by the Axiom Church. But that’s the exact reason why

noble children can receive education in swordsmanship and

sacred arts from childhood. In the remote regions, sacred tasks
are bestowed upon child merely ten of year and they can’t
afford the luxury of time to practice something like

swordsmanship… And the most talented ones among those
noble children participate in the Four Empires Unity
147

Sword Art Online 13 - Alicization Dividing

Chapter 11 – The Secret of The Chamber of Elders

Tournament and the sole victor is summoned to the Central

Cathedral. …Alice, have you ever met any of those champions in
the cathedral?”

Alice averted her eyes in slight unease at my question and

softly shook her head.

“No… —But many ascetics and their apprentices live on the

lower floors of the cathedral, so… couldn’t the champion of the
Unity Tournament be striving in daily studies as one of their
numbers…”

No, they aren’t. Immediately, I thought to deny it with that,

but I closed my somewhat open mouth right away.

Eugeo and I had went through fifty floors without any

detour—though we were dragged through twenty of those

floors by the child knights, Fizel and Linel, paralyzed by their

venomous swords—after taking back our beloved swords from
the third floor of the cathedral without encountering any

ascetics. However, I did have a guess on where their birthplace
could be.

Most of those ascetics, likely on the lower floors of the

cathedral only to toil away for the Axiom Church, were

probably not adopted from outside the church, but were born
and raised within it. Like Fizel and Linel. It would be like
producing functional units within the tower from
Administrator’s point of view, wouldn’t it?
148

Sword Art Online 13 - Alicization Dividing

Chapter 11 – The Secret of The Chamber of Elders

Alice was definitely utterly unaware of the church’s darkness.

There was no need to broach that topic now and place an
unnecessary burden on her.

“…No, you have met with them, with the champions of the

Unity Tournament. You just weren’t aware of it. You integrity
knights should have your memories modified by

Administrator’s hand not just during the «Synthesis Ritual»…
but also after becoming knights.”
“Ridiculous!”

Alice clearly shouted with her face turned up.

“Impossible! The esteemed highest minister couldn’t possibly

commit an act like fiddling with our…”
“She did!”

I cried out in return.

“After all, not only do all of you not have any memories of the

tournament champions… but also of those criminals you have
taken in!”

“Cri-Criminals…?”

Frowning, Alice closed her mouth once again. Turning my

gaze straight towards her face appearing pale under the
starlight, I sped on in earnest.

149

Sword Art Online 13 - Alicization Dividing

Chapter 11 – The Secret of The Chamber of Elders

“That’s right. You brought my partner and I here to the

church from the Sword Mastery Academy by flying dragon. I
suppose you do remember that much, right?”

“…I couldn’t possibly forget that. The two of you were the first

criminals I was ever commanded to bring in.”

“But Integrity Knight Deusolbert Synthesis Seven didn’t

remember about you. Eight years ago…”

After pausing for a short while, I gathered my resolve and

stated «that name».

“…He brought someone here with his own hands from Rulid

Village in the northern outskirts; he brought here the young
Alice.”

Alice’s face turned whiter than the marble wall after she

heard my words. Her lips, lacking in color, trembled and a
parched murmur escaped from them.

“Rulid Village… I was born there…? Deusolbert-dono brought

me from there as a criminal…? In other words, I had once
committed a taboo… that is what you claim…?”
I gently nodded at her faltering voice.

“That’s right. I said half of the integrity knights were

champions of the Unity Tournament earlier, didn’t I? The
remaining half were humans brought to the cathedral as

criminals. Those who possess a will firm enough to oppose the
150

Sword Art Online 13 - Alicization Dividing

Chapter 11 – The Secret of The Chamber of Elders

Taboo Index would manifest unmatched power after they

became knights. It must be killing two birds with one stone for
Administrator, being able to give those humans, capable of

swaying the influence of the church, another life as her mighty
pawns. …Let’s talk about you.”

Alice could accept my words or reject them. This was the

critical moment.

I stared hard at the integrity knight with as much strength as

I could in my gaze. Sitting onto the stone terrace with a plop

and contracting her shoulders forlornly, Alice looked back at me
with half-shut eyes as though awaiting some sort of judgement
to be passed down onto her.

“Your real name is Alice Schuberg. Born and raised in a small

village called Rulid in the remote northern regions, practically
at the foot of the mountain range at the edge. You’re the same

age as Eugeo… my partner, so you should be nineteen this year.

You were taken to the church eight years ago, so that means the
incident happened when you were eleven. You went to explore
the cave going through the mountain range at the edge with
Eugeo… and after exiting it, you ended up going beyond it a

little, over the border between the Human World and the Dark
Territory. In other words, the taboo you committed was

«Trespassing into the Dark Territory». You didn’t steal anything
or hurt anyone… no, rather, you tried to help a darkness knight
on the verge of death back then…”
151

Sword Art Online 13 - Alicization Dividing

Chapter 11 – The Secret of The Chamber of Elders

There and then, my mouth fell shut.

Had I heard Eugeo describe Alice in such detail…?

Of course he had. There wasn’t any way I could had known

exactly what happened a whole six years ago when I only woke
up in the Underworld a mere two years ago. But despite that, I

could vividly see the black knight falling while drawing a trail of
blood and Alice running off there in my mind, as though I had

witnessed the scene myself. It seemed I could even recreate the

gritty noise of Alice’s hands making contact with the pitch-black
ground of the Dark Territory in the depths of my ears.

The scene I conceived from Eugeo’s story must have mixed in

with some memories of reality without my notice. I raised my
face, convincing myself so, but it appeared Alice hadn’t the

composure to mind that unnatural pause in my words. Her

bluish cheeks trembled faintly and a feeble voice flowed out
from her, barely audible.

“Alice Schuberg… That is, my name…? Rulid… the mountain

range at the edge… I can’t remember, anything…”

“Don’t force yourself to remember, you’ll end up like Eldrie.”
I cut into Alice’s words in a fluster. It would be chaos if

something happened like Alice’s «piety module» becoming
unstable and rendering her immobile like in Eldrie’s case,

inciting the other knights to come retrieve her upon sensing the
abnormality. However, Alice glared at me with eyes that
152

Sword Art Online 13 - Alicization Dividing

Chapter 11 – The Secret of The Chamber of Elders

seemed to have regained some of their strength and spoke
firmly even if her voice did tremble.

“What are you saying even after revealing so much. I… want

to know everything. I have yet to believe your story… but I will
make my decision only after you’ve spoken all that you have to
say.”

“…Got it. That said, it’s not like I know that much about the

old you. Your father’s the village chief of Rulid and his name’s

Gasupht Schuberg. Unfortunately, I don’t know your mother’s

name, but like I said earlier, you have a little sister. Her name’s

Selka and she should still be serving as a sister apprentice in the
church in Rulid, even now. I chatted with Selka when I was

under the church’s care two years ago. She was a good kid who
thought highly of her elder sister… you remained on her mind

after you were taken away to the church. Apparently, you were
also a sister apprentice when you lived in Rulid and you were

called a genius in sacred arts. She was putting her all to follow

in the footsteps of her elder sister, to become a splendid sister.”
Alice showed no response even after I had spoken out all I

knew and shut my mouth.

Her trembling from earlier ceased and her porcelain-white

face didn’t make the slightest movement. In all likelihood, she
was trying to recall the numerous proper nouns I had voiced

out from the bottom of her memories, but it seemed there was
no chance for success there.

153

Sword Art Online 13 - Alicization Dividing

—So it was hopeless…

Chapter 11 – The Secret of The Chamber of Elders

I muttered in my heart. I figured that it might be possible to

awaken some memories, even with her «memory fragment»

stolen, if I slowly gave her the information while she was in a
calm state—but apparently, the seal Administrator applied
possessed power beyond my expectations.

I guess the only one who could return Alice to her original self

would be Cardinal with her supervisor authority. And that came
attached with the catch of retrieving Alice’s memory fragment
that was being safeguarded by Administrator somewhere.

It happened then. Alice’s lips moved, letting out a brief sound.
“Selka.”

And following that, once more.
“Selka…”

This time, those eyes that appeared dark blue lifted towards

the starry skies up above.

“…I can’t remember. Neither her face nor her voice. But… this

isn’t the first time I called out this name. My mouth, my throat…
my heart, they remember.”
“…Alice.”

154

Sword Art Online 13 - Alicization Dividing

Chapter 11 – The Secret of The Chamber of Elders

I swallowed my breath and called out, but as though my

existence wasn’t reflected in Alice’s eyes any longer, she
continued whispering, quietly.

“They had called it out countless times. Day after day, night

after night… Selka… lka……”

My gaze was fixed upon Alice in incredulity as clear liquid,

forming into beads, occupied her long eyelashes and spilled

over, glittering as they caught the starlight. Her tears flowed on
without stop, softly falling onto the marble between Alice and
me.

“It’s true, isn’t it… I have a family… A father and a mother…

and a sister related by blood… somewhere under these night
skies…”

That faltering voice eventually turned into a feeble sob.
I instinctively reached out with my right hand and was

brushed off by Alice with the back of hers.
“Look away!”

Shouting that out with a teary voice, Alice harshly drove her

right hand into my chest and wiped her eyes time after time

with her left hand. But those tears made no attempt to stop and
the knight eventually hugged her knees with both hands,

pressed her face into them and her shoulders began to tremble
violently.

155

Sword Art Online 13 - Alicization Dividing

Chapter 11 – The Secret of The Chamber of Elders

156

Sword Art Online 13 - Alicization Dividing

“Uu…. ughh… uuu…”

Chapter 11 – The Secret of The Chamber of Elders

Before I realized, something blotted out my two eyes as well,

watching the integrity knight sobbing away in a stifled voice.
I will—

I will defeat Administrator and bring Alice back to her

hometown.

Gathering my resolve once more, I finally realized the reason

behind the tears surfacing in my own eyes, belated as it might
have been.

Even if everything went according to plan, the one meeting

with Selka at Rulid Village would not be this crying golden

integrity knight before my eyes. The moment she regained her
sealed memories, Alice would recall those days she spent with
Eugeo and Selka in Rulid, and in all likelihood, forget the

months and years she served as an integrity knight for the
church.

In other words, this personality, Alice as an integrity knight,

would simply vanish.

It would return to how things were meant to be. Though I

tried to convince myself so, I couldn’t stop myself from pitying
the knight sobbing away with her back curled up like a child.
A hopeless pity for Alice Synthesis Thirty who must have

continuously longed from the depths of her heart for the
157

Sword Art Online 13 - Alicization Dividing

Chapter 11 – The Secret of The Chamber of Elders

warmth of a family, lost and beyond her reach, during the many
years she lived in this cathedral.

It took quite a while for those violent sobs to gradually

diminish in volume and turn into a quiet weeping.

I, on the other hand, had successfully stiffened my slackened

tear glands two or three minutes ago and switched my thoughts
on our plans from now on.

The most ideal outcome I could think of now would be as

follows.

We would resume climbing the wall upon the rise of the

moon and return into the tower from the ninety-fifth floor.

Somewhat avoiding the planned battle against Alice there, we

would join up with Eugeo. Whether we use the dagger he held,
meticulously made by Cardinal, on Alice would depend on the
situation.

After that, we would either have to defeat our greatest hurdle,

Integrity Knight Bercouli Synthesis One, or convince him—it
would be a great help if Eugeo had driven him away, but I

suppose holding that hope would be too much—then charging
into the highest floor of the cathedral, where our ultimate
enemy, Administrator, sleeps.

We would render the highest minister powerless while she

continued sleeping, take Alice’s «memory fragment» that should
158

Sword Art Online 13 - Alicization Dividing

Chapter 11 – The Secret of The Chamber of Elders

be secured somewhere in the room, and return the girl’s
memories and personality.

Finally, I would establish contact with Rath’s staff in the real

world via the system console and get them to acknowledge the
preservation of the current Underworld and the stop the

incoming «load experiment phase»—in other words, the major
invasion from the land of darkness…

It was a string of missions of extreme difficulty that made me

feel faint just thinking about it. I couldn’t help but think how

every one of those goals had less than fifty, no, thirty percent
chance of succeeding.

However, I couldn’t stand not taking action any longer. That

long, long period of time, this two years spent in the

Underworld, no, perhaps ever since that day I logged in to the
death game, SAO, instead, might have been all for me to meet
with these new humans like Eugeo, and to gain a reason to
protect them.

Kayaba Akihiko said this while gazing upon the collapsing

Aincrad in the crimson sunset skies. That he wanted to create a
true alternate world. I had no plans for succeeding that man’s
purpose, but what could be labeled a «true alternate world»
was taking place right before my eyes.

«The Seed», passed down to me by the copy of Kayaba’s

personality made countless VR worlds germinate and bloom in
159

Sword Art Online 13 - Alicization Dividing

Chapter 11 – The Secret of The Chamber of Elders

the real world. And be it coincidence or inevitable, the light

cubes storing the souls of Eugeo and the other inhabitants of

the Underworld were compatible with the nexus of The Seed. If
I sought some sort of significance from the SAO incident,

beyond what Kayaba had been trying to achieve—I would

definitely find it here, in this Underworld; that was what I felt.

I no longer had a path of return. After all, I had already come

this close to the final goal, the highest floor of the Central

Cathedral, spending a whole two years since I woke up in the
forest south of Rulid.

However, if I had bring up a pressing concern that I couldn’t

ignore any longer, however insignificant it might be.

That would be the doubt if I truly desired to clear those many

objectives from the depths of my heart; that would be my one
and only question…

“…You’ve said this some time ago, haven’t you?”

Hugging her knees with her eyes turned down, Alice suddenly

muttered so.

I put a temporary stop to those complicated, entangled

thoughts and lifted my face. A frail voice that still sounded
blubbery came at me.

“After the tower’s wall broke and we were thrown outside…

you said that you had planned this revolt to correct the
160

Sword Art Online 13 - Alicization Dividing

Chapter 11 – The Secret of The Chamber of Elders

esteemed highest minister’s mistakes and to protect the Human
World.”

“Yeah… I did.”

I nodded towards the golden hair flowing down Alice’s back.

Several more seconds were spent in silence after that, before
the knight slowly moved her lips.

“…I have yet to believe in everything you had said. However…

it does seem to be the truth that minions from the land of

darkness have been positioned on the outer walls of the tower…

and that the integrity knights were not from the Celestial World,
but gathered from the Human World with their memories

sealed away. That is to say… I cannot deny that the esteemed

highest minister have been deceiving us, her loyal servants, any
longer…”

My breath stopped and I listened intently to Alice’s words.

Integrity knights, with their memories removed and a piety

module inserted into their fluct lights, should compelled into an
absolute loyalty towards Administrator. Fact was, no matter
how hard Eugeo and I tried to persuade them, none of the

integrity knights we had met thus far could verbally express
doubts towards the church.

With that consideration in mind, it was a real shock Alice

could voice out what she just did. Did the girl truly possess
something other artificial fluct lights lacked? I stared on
161

Sword Art Online 13 - Alicization Dividing

Chapter 11 – The Secret of The Chamber of Elders

without a sound, looking on as the golden knight continued

talking in a whisper while holding onto her two upright legs.

“But on the other hand, it is true that the primary order given

to us integrity knights by the esteemed highest minister was to
defend against the invasion from the Dark Territory. Over ten
knights are battling at the mountain range at the edge atop

their flying dragons even now. If the esteemed highest minister
hadn’t formed the Integrity Knight Order, the Human World

would have already been assaulted by the forces of darkness.”
“That…”

—That, however, isn’t how the world was supposed to be.

The resources for growth monopolized by the integrity knight,

or to put it in plain words, the experience points, were

originally meant to be given to many of the commoners. Like

what Eugeo and I had done in the northern cave, the villagers of
the world should have picked up swords on their own accord

and fought with the invading goblin soldiers, becoming stronger.
However, Administrator had robbed them of that potential.

But she wouldn’t understand even if I said that now. Turning

towards me who was at a loss for words, Alice sent forth a soft
yet grave voice.

“You had said the village named Rulid, where I was born and

raised… and where my parents and little sister still lives in even
now, was at the northern boundary, at the foot of the mountain
162

Sword Art Online 13 - Alicization Dividing

Chapter 11 – The Secret of The Chamber of Elders

range at the edge. In other words, it will be devastated straight

away if an invasion from the Dark Territory starts. Who exactly

will defend all of the remote regions, including Rulid, even if the
two of you defeat all of the integrity knights and put a knife to

the highest minister’s throat? Don’t tell me the two of you plan
on destroying the forces of darkness on your own?”

The tears from her two eyes hadn’t dried yet, but Alice’s voice

had a genuine resoluteness in it and I couldn’t give an
immediate answer. Compared to Alice’s barefaced

determination to protect the Human World, there was far too
much I kept hidden.

Enduring the impulse to confess everything here—including

how this world was actually artificial, I opened my mouth.

“Then let me ask in return… do you truly believe that the

Integrity Knight Order, fully prepared for an assault, can repel a
combined attack from the forces of the Dark Territory without
the slightest doubt?”
“………”

Alice was the one at a loss for words this time. I returned my

sight to the night sky in front and continued speaking while
reaching out for a memory from two years ago.

“I said that my partner and I had fought with a squad of

goblins that trespassed from the Dark Territory, hadn’t I? Even
against goblins, the weakest troops of the forces of darkness,
163

Sword Art Online 13 - Alicization Dividing

Chapter 11 – The Secret of The Chamber of Elders

their swordsmanship and brute strength were to be feared.

There are loads of them in the Dark Territory and on top of that,
it’s filled with those darkness knights who ride on flying

dragons like all of you and darkness arts users with their

minions, right? If all of them attack as a whole, even if all of the
integrity knights head out, with the highest minister herself

following behind, there’s no way you would be able to defend
completely with such a small army.”

Ninety percent of those were handed down by Cardinal, but it

appeared Alice was of the same mind as she didn’t reply

immediately as she always had. A short while was spent in
silence before an anguished voice was wrung out, her face
turned downwards.

“…True, even oji-sama 5… even Knight Commander Bercouli

seemed to have buried that same worry in the depths of his

heart. The elite troops of the Dark Territory already number in

the tens of thousands, and if they were to all march through the
«Great East Gate», the Knight Order alone would probably not
be able to hold them back, he said… —But even so, it’s true as

well, that the Human World does not have anyone with laudable
combat ability aside from us. You mentioned that children from
the upper class nobles were educated in the sword and sacred

arts earlier, but they pursue the beauty of a single strike which
would hardly hold up in an actual battle. In the end, there is no
“oji-sama” – Uncle. Doesn’t have to be a real, blood-related uncle. It’s
just a lot less awkward than using “uncle”.
5

164

Sword Art Online 13 - Alicization Dividing

Chapter 11 – The Secret of The Chamber of Elders

choice but for us integrity knights to battle on our few flying

dragons, trusting in divine protection from the three goddesses.
I believe you do understand the situation, don’t you?”

“It’s as you say… the Human World as it is now probably

doesn’t have a power capable of fighting against the forces of
darkness aside from the integrity knights.”

I carefully answered, still looking forward.

“But that’s a situation brought forth by Administrator from

her desires. The highest minister fears a power beyond her
absolute control sprouting up in the Human World. That’s
exactly why she’s gathered the champions of the Unity

Tournament and offenders of the Taboo Index, sealed away

their memories, and turned them into loyal knights. To put it in
another way, Administrator doesn’t trust the humans of this
world, not the slightest bit.”
“……!”

It seemed Alice sucked in a sharp breath. But she didn’t

immediately rebut like always. Praying that my words had
reached the girl’s heart, I continued piling them on.

“If the highest minister believes in the humans living in the

Human World and form a well-equipped army, letting them
have sufficient training, a force comparable to the Dark

Territory’s should exist in the Human World about now.

However, the highest minister didn’t. She allowed the upper
165

Sword Art Online 13 - Alicization Dividing

Chapter 11 – The Secret of The Chamber of Elders

class nobles, who should have been the first to pick up their

swords when the time came to fight, to live their idle, indulgent
lives, which then cause their souls to stagnate… Like those two
Eugeo and I swung our swords at in the Sword Mastery
Academy.”

The incident where Raios Antinous and Humbert Zizek

brought disgrace to Tizei and Ronie’s modesty was a mere two

days ago. If the load experiment phase had arrived without any

change to the situation, and the Human World was exposed to a
combined attack from the Dark Territory, countless of such
tragedies would unfold.

“But… not everything is lost yet. There’s still time until the

Dark Territory’s forces push in, though I don’t know if it’s a year
or two… if the Human World tries its best to build up a large
army by then…”

“Such a thing could never be possible!”
Alice finally shouted then.

“Haven’t you just said so yourself? About how corrupted the

nobles of this world are?! Even when commanded to take up
their swords because a war is starting, the four imperial

families and the upper class nobles are sure to merely pretend
to obey while guarding their own lives and assets!”

“Yeah, sure, most of the upper class nobles probably don’t

have the guts to fight with the forces of darkness. But a part of
166

Sword Art Online 13 - Alicization Dividing

Chapter 11 – The Secret of The Chamber of Elders

the high class aristocratic families still retain their pride as

nobles and there are plenty among the lower class nobles and

the commonfolk who possess the will to protect their families

and towns… and this world, at all cost. If the extensive amount
of equipment amassed in this tower were to be all distributed

among them and the integrity knights teach them their polished,
real swordsmanship and sacred arts, it wouldn’t be impossible
to build up a grand army within a year.
“Common… folks…?

I nodded deeply towards Alice, muttering in amazement.

“That’s right. Even if you don’t force them to enlist and recruit

only volunteers, I’m sure you could gather quite a number. I

mean, there are already guard corps in the towns and villages

here and there. But… if things continue as they are, this has no
chance of being realized.”

“……The esteemed highest minister… would never forgive it…”
“Yeah. It would probably be impossible to talk her around too.

After all, an army that Administrator can’t force into devotion

towards her would be just as scary as the forces of darkness to
her. To sum it up, it leads to one conclusion. We can only
destroy the absolute control of the highest minister,

Administrator, and make full use of the meager remaining time
to build up a defense capable of going up against the incoming
invasion.”

167

Sword Art Online 13 - Alicization Dividing

Chapter 11 – The Secret of The Chamber of Elders

Telling Alice so from her side, I couldn’t help but feel a great

cynicism.

The organization that created the Underworld and conducted

this majestic experiment, «Rath», apparently seemed to be

intimately connected to Kikuoka Seijirou, an active member of

the Self-Defense Forces. In that case, the experiment’s goal was
unmistakably closely related to national defense in the real

world. I could even imagine them making use of the artificial
fluct lights themselves, like Eugeo and Alice, to control
weaponry, for example.

Despite how I couldn’t accept such a thing at all, I was

currently proposing that we should train tens of thousands of
the humans in the Human World into soldiers.

Not knowing a single bit of my ashamed inner thoughts, Alice

had her mouth closed, likely for a reason separate from mine.
The girl must be weighing between her loyalty towards the

Axiom Church carved into her soul with the words of an

intruder whom she had arrested with her own hands. Despite

her disciplined expression, she must be going through conflicts
and distress beyond what I could imagine in her heart.
Before long—

A short line reached me, riding atop the night wind.
“…Can I meet them?”

168

Sword Art Online 13 - Alicization Dividing

“Eh…?”

Chapter 11 – The Secret of The Chamber of Elders

“If I cooperate with you… and retrieve my sealed memories,

can I meet with Selka… my sister again?”

I strongly bit down on my back teeth in that instant.

Meet. Meeting her wouldn’t be a problem at all. But…

I was at a loss whether to tell Alice of my earlier prediction or

not. However, I definitely didn’t have to patch the situation up
with some irresponsible words. Steeling my resolve, I first
nodded.

“…You can. If you get on a flying dragon, it would just be a day

or two to Rulid. But… please, I want you to listen to this
carefully.”

I stared hard at Alice’s face as she sat around a meter and a

half away on my right, and voiced out the continuation to my
words.

“The one reuniting Selka will be you, but not you. The instant

you regain your memories, you will turn back to Alice Schuberg,

before you underwent the Synthesis Ritual, and Integrity Knight
Alice Synthesis Thirty will vanish with that. Your current

personality will disappear along with your memories when you
lived as an integrity knight and you’ll surrender that body to

your original personality… This is cruel, but… you’re currently
«Another Alice», created by Administrator’s hands.”
169

Sword Art Online 13 - Alicization Dividing

Chapter 11 – The Secret of The Chamber of Elders

Alice’s shoulders jerked several times upon hearing my words.
However, she didn’t fall into sobs. A few seconds later, a

hoarse voice rang out, as though she was trying her best to
restrain her emotions.

“…Ever since I heard that about integrity knights being

created by the esteemed highest minister… I’ve been thinking it
would be something like that. I had stolen this body away from

that girl by the name of Alice Schuberg and unjustly inhabited it
for six years… that’s how it is, isn’t it?”

I could no longer find any suitable replies. Despite the

tempest that must be raging within her heart, Alice still showed
a stout smile.

“What was stolen must be returned. That… should be what

Selka, my parents, your friend… and you, yourself too, are
hoping for.”

“……Alice…”

“I just… have a single request, just one.”
“That is…?”

“Before this body is restored to the original personality of

Alice… could you bring me to Rulid Village? And even if it’s
while hiding… a single look is enough. I want to see what

Selka… my sister looks like, and my family too. If you could
grant me that much, that would be enough.”
170

Sword Art Online 13 - Alicization Dividing

Chapter 11 – The Secret of The Chamber of Elders

Cutting off her words, Alice slowly turned towards me and

looked straight at me.

In that moment, the moon that had risen into the eastern sky

without my notice suddenly sent down a single streak of light
through the clouds. Alice’s two eyes softened, red and puffy

from crying like a child’s, and smiled once more as her entire

body was surrounded by specks of gold. I couldn’t bear to look
at that face any longer and turned my sight towards the moon
overhead.

To return Alice her memories. That was the one and only

desire of my unparalleled partner, Eugeo. In other words, going
with that, it should also be my desire.

However, that would be the equivalent to the death of this

integrity knight… no, this girl forlornly hugging her knees at my
side. An unavoidable victim and an inescapable order of
priorities. There were no more routes left to me.
“Yeah… I’ll promise you. I’ll swear on it.”

While looking up at the night sky, I told her so.

“I’ll definitely bring you to Rulid before your memories are

restored.”

“…Make sure that you do.”

Turning my sight back towards Alice who underscored her

request, I gave a clear nod.

171

Sword Art Online 13 - Alicization Dividing

Chapter 11 – The Secret of The Chamber of Elders

The knight replied with a curt nod as well, before she took in

a deep breath, put on an assertive expression, and spoke.

“Understood. Well, then… as of now, in order to protect the

Human World and its residents, I, Alice Synthesis Thirty, will
discard my mission as an integrity kni… gh… ah…!!”

The bold proclamation turned into a piercing scream all of a

sudden. Her body, clad in that golden armor, bent backwards
and her right hand pressed against her right eye. Was her

ordered face being warped by some enormous, intense pain
right now?

Despite my surprise, I instinctively recalled the scene I saw

two days ago as I got up onto my feet.

Eugeo who sliced off the second-ranked elite swordsman-in-

training, Humbert Zizek, in order to save Ronie and Tizei. By the

time I ran in, his right eye had already blown off without a trace,
the gushing fresh blood flowing down his cheek as crimson
tears.

That night, Eugeo talked about it bit by bit in the academy’s

disciplinary chamber. The moment he tried to cut Humbert, his
right hand froze as though it wasn’t his own and his right eye
burned with pain, he said. And before his eyes, unfamiliar
sacred letters appeared, glowing deep red—

That same phenomenon Eugeo talked about might be

assailing Alice right now. It was likely some sort of
172

Sword Art Online 13 - Alicization Dividing

Chapter 11 – The Secret of The Chamber of Elders

psychological block. Its trigger would be the act of opposing a
regulation carved upon one’s soul.

“Don’t think about anything! Freeze your thoughts!”

I shouted so while approaching Alice and held onto her

armored left shoulder with my right hand. And my left hand

caught the tormented knight’s right wrist, gently pulling it away
from her right eye.
“……!?”

On Alice’s eye that should have been sapphire-blue, I saw a

flickering red light and swallowed my breath. I peered closer in
order to ascertain the true form of that light.

Upon the perfectly circular blue iris in Alice’s widely opened

right eye.

Delicate lines were lined up in a radial pattern on the outside,

glowing red while they slowly rotated. There was no fixed

pattern to the lines’ thickness and the way they were ordered,
too, was random. As though—it was a bar code.

I had guessed that the one who inserted this psychological

block into the Underworld people was the highest minister,
Administrator, ever since I heard the story from Eugeo.

However, I had absolutely no memory of spotting anything
resembling bar codes in these two years.

173

Sword Art Online 13 - Alicization Dividing

Chapter 11 – The Secret of The Chamber of Elders

—It wasn’t done by Administrator…? But in that case, just

who…?

It was then, when I let out a short gasp.

The circular bar code ceased its rotation and drew a horizontal
list of strange symbols atop Alice’s contracted pupil. The string
of characters that surfaced, glowing deep crimson, appeared to
be [TЯƎ⅃A MƎTƧYƧ].
I was momentarily confused about what it signified, but

immediately noticed.

It was mirrored text. Alice’s eye, directly under the line of text,

should be seeing it in a horizontally flipped form. In other
words, it said [SYSTEM ALERT].

System alert. To me, it was an familiar, unpleasant warning

that popped out every now and then when utilizing a PC, but it

should be a nonsensical phrase to those in the Underworld, like
Alice. In this world, only the «Common Tongue»—which would
be Japanese, was used in daily life, while English, «Sacred

Tongue», was treated by most of the inhabitants as something
that impossible and pointless to understand.

If one studied the sacred arts, though one would be able to

chant various English vocabulary, starting from the initial

«system call», I doubt that person would be too aware of the

exact meaning the words held. I had taught Eugeo some of the

meanings behind the names of skills for the secret moves of the
174

Sword Art Online 13 - Alicization Dividing

Chapter 11 – The Secret of The Chamber of Elders

175

Sword Art Online 13 - Alicization Dividing

Chapter 11 – The Secret of The Chamber of Elders

Aincrad style, the sword skills, but he always found it strange
how I possessed knowledge of the Sacred Tongue.

In short, this string of characters, SYSTEM ALERT, would

hardly make any sense to the people of the Underworld. In

other words, the one who inserted this psychological block into
Alice, Eugeo, and the rest was no Administrator, but humans
from the real world—namely, someone within Rath’s staff; I
suppose that would be how it was…

My rapidly whirling thoughts were interrupted by Alice’s

weak scream from point-blank range.

“Aaah… my right eye is, it’s burning…! And… these are…

letters…!?”

“Don’t think about anything! Empty your mind!!”

Crying out in a fluster, I held Alice’s petite face between my

hands.

“What’s happening to you is probably similar to a

psychological barrier activated when you tried to oppose the

church. It should be trying to urge you into absolute obedience

by causing pain to your right eye… your eyeball will burst out if
you continue thinking!”

It only took a moment to explain that, but in this case,

persistently insisting might bring about a reverse effect instead.
No human could be disciplined enough to stop their thoughts
when told to do so.

176

Sword Art Online 13 - Alicization Dividing

Chapter 11 – The Secret of The Chamber of Elders

Upon hearing my voice, Alice shut her two eyes tightly. But

the red words projected onto her eyes probably wouldn’t

disappear from just that. The knight’s hands fumbled in the air
and gripped onto my shoulders the moment they found them.
My muscles grated from the force her monstrously strong

hands put upon them each time a faint scream escaped her, but
it was nothing compared to the pain Alice must be feeling.

Figuring it would help if I could calm down her thoughts, I

shifted half of my thoughts to thinking up of any possible

methods even as I firmly held Alice’s face between my two
palms.

Alice and several other integrity knights had already broken

the Taboo Index once. After all, they were taken away by the

Axiom Church and underwent the Synthesis Ritual because of
that.

However, Alice, in particular, shouldn’t have had her right eye

burst off when she committed the taboo of «Trespassing into

the Dark Territory» eight years ago. I hadn’t heard anything of
that sort from Eugeo. According to his explanation, the young
Alice had apparently tottered over the boundary line without

thinking. In other words, that would mean that a clear intent to
commit a taboo wasn’t in Alice’s mind at that time.

The psychological barrier currently assailing Alice likely

reacted to a proactive intent to violate a rule she was given. The
moment one held such intent, the right eye would first hurt and
177

Sword Art Online 13 - Alicization Dividing

Chapter 11 – The Secret of The Chamber of Elders

the red SYSTEM ALERT would then throw the target’s mind into
disarray, planting a deeper awe for the taboo once again.

Conducting a psychological barrier like this that could only be

considered a work of god on the inhabitants of the Underworld
who basically didn’t break laws would likely cement their
obedience to no end.

But if this psychological had been handed down by Rath’s

staff, it would bring up a huge contradiction.

After all, the goal of the experiment being conducted in this

Underworld was likely the creation of artificial fluct lights

capable of judging between the right and wrong of a rule they

were given. Even after the people of the Underworld had tried
so hard for a breakthrough, forcefully driving them back with
such a slipshod, violent psychological block could only be
considered as a mix-up in their priorities.

In other words, those who had inserted this system alert were

purposefully impeding the success of this experiment—could
that be it?

In that case, who exactly is that person and for what goal?

Heathcliff… Kayaba Akihiko’s duplicated consciousness came

to mind for an instant, but I immediately rejected that notion.
He and his desire to create a true alternate world would not

hinder the progress of artificial fluct lights. In the first place,
such a heavy-handed method was not to that man’s style. I
178

Sword Art Online 13 - Alicization Dividing

Chapter 11 – The Secret of The Chamber of Elders

suppose this had to be some influence or personal sabotage
against that organization, Rath.

I could envision the existence of various hostile forces if the

one directing Rath was the Self-Defense Forces member,

Kikuoka Seijirou. For example, a group with internal opposition
towards Kikuoka with in the Self-Defense Forces, a large

company monopolizing the domestic defense industry, or if I let
my imagination run wild, even a foreign arms manufacturer or
intelligence agency wouldn’t be out of the question.

However, if those humongous influences had planned to

hinder Rath, would they take such an intricate measure? If they
possessed enough authority to insert an interference program
into the artificial fluct lights, couldn’t they merely deal with it

with haste and destroy the Light Cube Cluster, the true body of
the Underworld?

In other words, that would mean that someone was

intentionally delaying the experiment without the desire to
completely wipe it out. Could that person be waiting for

something by slowing down the experiment? Something on a
large scale that required much preparation—for example…

The theft of the experiment’s results, including the Light Cube

Cluster itself.

As I reached that conclusion, horrified, Alice’s weak voice

suddenly came from between my hands.
179

Sword Art Online 13 - Alicization Dividing

“…Horrible…”

Chapter 11 – The Secret of The Chamber of Elders

Startled back, I looked down at the integrity knight’s face.
Her eyebrows that had always maintained a graceful line

were pressed together tight, drops of water resided in the

corners of her eyes, and she had bitten down on her lips hard
enough to draw blood.

Those pallid lips trembled and let out disconnected words

once more.

“This is… horrible… To have not just my memories, but my

consciousness, too… be manipulated by… someone else…”

Gripping my shoulders, Alice two hands strongly shook with

grief, or perhaps anger.

“The one… who burned these red sacred letters into my

eyes… was it… the highest minister…?”
“No… I don’t think so.”

I unconsciously shook my head.

“It’s an existence that created this world and observes it from

the outside… one among the «gods» that had not made an
appearance in the creation of the world lore.”
“…Gods…”

Clear drops flowed down from Alice’s eyes without a sound.
180

Sword Art Online 13 - Alicization Dividing

Chapter 11 – The Secret of The Chamber of Elders

“So the gods would not trust us… even after we, the integrity

knights, spent these countless days fighting without end to

protect this world they had wrought. Taking my memories of

my family, and my sister, and on top of that, performing such a
seal upon me… forcing me into obedience…”

I couldn’t begin to imagine how much shock, confusion, and

despair Alice who had lived as a knight of the gods must be

feeling now. Alice’s eyelids suddenly flashed open as I looked on
without saying a word, unable to breathe.

The mirrored, horizontal words on the blue iris of her right

eye shone vividly even now. However, Alice appeared to pay it
no heed, merely staring at the skies in front—at the bluishwhite moon floating among the black clouds.
“I am not your puppet!”

However hoarse it might have been, Alice still shouted with

dignity.

“Certainly, I might be an existence created by someone’s hand.

But I have my own consciousness too! I want to protect this

world… I want to protect the many people living in this world. I
want to protect my family and my little sister. That is the one
and only mission I will strive for!!”

The glow of the text in her right eye increased in intensity

while letting out a piercing, metallic noise. The bar code etched
onto the outside of her iris, too, began to rotate rapidly.
181

Sword Art Online 13 - Alicization Dividing

“Alice…!”

Chapter 11 – The Secret of The Chamber of Elders

Expecting that phenomenon to happen any time now, I cried

out.

Without turning her eyes towards me, Alice whispered in a

stifled voice.

“Kirito… hold me tight.”
“……Sure.”

I couldn’t do anything but nod. Taking my hands off Alice’s

face, I moved them to the armor on her shoulders. Strongly

holding down the knight’s body trembling in small jolts beyond
that golden armor.

Alice shrugged her long, golden hair once, before proudly

gazing up towards the skies and took in a deep breath.

“The highest minister, Administrator… and you nameless

gods!! For the goals I must achieve… I will fight against you!!”
An unbounded proclamation that had a refined echo.

The moment it faded off, a deep crimson shaft of light left

Alice’s right eye.

A warm splash of blood stained my cheeks.

182

Sword Art Online 13 - Alicization Dividing

2

Chapter 11 – The Secret of The Chamber of Elders

Eugeo.

Eugeo…

What happened?

Did you have a nightmare…?
An orange light ignited within the lamp with a soft sound.

Standing in the hallway, Eugeo had the lower half of his face

buried in the pillow his two arms wrapped around and peered
into the room through the slightly opened door as though he
was hiding away his body.

There were two plain, wooden beds in the room that certainly

couldn’t claim to be spacious. The right one was vacant, with a
freshly-washed bedspread laid folded there.

And a single, slender silhouette was upon the left bed, looking

at Eugeo with her upper body raised. Her face couldn’t be seen
too well due to the light from the lamp her right hand carried.
From her glossy, pure white sleepwear, a somewhat opened
dress with a low-cut neckline, peeked her bare skin that

appeared even paler. Her long hair flowing onto the bed seemed
as soft as silk.

Those glossy lips, just noticeable beyond the orange light,

showed a gentle smile.

183

Sword Art Online 13 - Alicization Dividing

Chapter 11 – The Secret of The Chamber of Elders

It’s cold there, isn’t it? Come, come closer, Eugeo.

That softly lifted bedspread seemed filled with a viscous, warm
darkness, making him all the more conscious of the freezing

chill streaming through the hallway. His foot stepped across the
doorway before he knew it and Eugeo headed towards the bed
with uncertain steps.

The lamp strangely dimmed as he approached, concealing the

face of the woman sprawled over the bed with a creeping

darkness. But Eugeo’s thoughts were simply filled with the

desire to snuggle into that warm darkness and hungrily moved
his feet. His steps became gradually wider as his viewpoint
became gradually lower, but he didn’t feel it to be strange.

The bed he finally arrived at was absurdly tall and Eugeo

threw down the pillow he held onto, stepping onto it in an
attempt to climb up.

In that moment, a soft cloth fluttered over him from the top

and sunk his vision in darkness. As though urging on his craving,
Eugeo crept deeper and deeper into that darkness.

His extended fingers came into contact with warm and supple

skin.

Eugeo embraced it in a daze and buried his face into it. The

silky skin gently squirmed, as though it was enveloping Eugeo.
184

Sword Art Online 13 - Alicization Dividing

Chapter 11 – The Secret of The Chamber of Elders

Led around by that enthralling sense of satisfaction and a

longing several times as potent, Eugeo fervently clung on.

Feeling a smooth arm hugging his back and another rubbing his
head, Eugeo asked in his small voice.
“Mother…? Is that you, mother?”
The reply instantly came.

Yes… I am your mother, Eugeo.
“Mother… My mother…”

Sinking ever deeper into the warm and damp darkness, Eugeo

murmured.

A doubt floated up like a bubble, from a corner of the bog that

was his mostly numbed mind, and popped.

Was my mother… ever this slender and soft? Why do these

two hands that should have been working in the fields day after
day not have a single scrape on them? And… have my father
who should have been sleeping in the bed on the right went
somewhere? Where are my brothers who always got in the
sleep whenever I tried to get mother to pamper me…?
“Is it really… you, mother?”

Yes, Eugeo. It’s your one and only mother.
185

Sword Art Online 13 - Alicization Dividing

Chapter 11 – The Secret of The Chamber of Elders

“But… where is father? Where are my brothers?”
Hehe.

What a strange child.
Everyone

have already been killed by you, haven’t they?
Suddenly, his fingers felt clammy.

Eugeo spread open his left and right hands, lifted before his

eyes.

Despite the lack of illumination, he could clearly see the deep

red blood stickily dripping off his ten fingers.
“…Aaaaaaah!”

Eugeo jumped up with that scream.

He was engrossed in scrubbing his two sticky hands against

his shirt. Only after wiping them countless times while

screaming out, did he notice the moisture on his hands was not
blood, but merely sweat.

Was that a dream—even after arriving at that conclusion, he

still took some time before he thought to restrain his heart,

beating like an alarm bell, and the cold sweat seeping out from
186

Sword Art Online 13 - Alicization Dividing

Chapter 11 – The Secret of The Chamber of Elders

himself. The lingering memory of that absurdly terrifying
nightmare clung to his back with no sign of fading.

—Mother and father… I hadn’t even thought of them much

since I left the village.

Muttering so in his heart, Eugeo closed his two eyes tightly

and kept his breathing shallow.

When he was a young boy in Rulid, his mother worked on the

fields, tended to the sheep, and even did the housework on top
of that, hardly cuddling gently with Eugeo. They had slept in
different beds even before he even achieved maturity and
Eugeo had no recollections of being unsatisfied over that.
—So why did I see such a dream after all that…

Eugeo strongly shook his head and stopped his trail of

thoughts. Dreams were up to the caprice of the moon goddess,
Lunaria. This nightmare surely held no significance.

After his breathing had calmed down a little, the doubt over

his current location bubbled up. He softly lifted his eyelids
while still crouching.

What first entered his vision was a deep crimson carpet with

an astonishing amount of density and an intricate pattern

weaved into it. The carpet that he couldn’t estimate the value of,
if bought at the textile shop in the fifth district of North

Centoria, stretched on and on in his vision no matter how he
tried to find its end.

187

Sword Art Online 13 - Alicization Dividing

Chapter 11 – The Secret of The Chamber of Elders

He finally saw the far away wall only after he looked straight

ahead.

Even if it was a wall, it was made from neither wood nor

stone. Golden pillars in the shape of gigantic swords stood at

regular intervals with glass panes inserted between them. As

such, it could actually be considered as a line of windows rather
than a wall, but a room where valuable glass was used this

freely couldn’t be found even in the castles of the four emperors,
could it?

Numerous clouds, dyed blue by the moonlight, were floating

beyond the wall entirely composed of glass. This room was
apparently higher than even the clouds.

He saw a bluish-white full moon floating in a corner of the

night sky when he brought his sight up higher. An astonishing

multitude of stars were silently flickering away around it. The

light pouring down from the sky richly filled with stars was far
too bright; he took a while before noticing it was the middle of
the night. Judging from the height of the moon, it should be a
little after twelve. The date had apparently turned while he
slept and it was the twenty-fifth of the fifth month now.

Finally, Eugeo looked straight up. The ceiling drew a perfect

circle far above and he couldn’t spot any stairs to proceed to the
next floor. That could mean that this room was the highest floor
of the Central Cathedral.

188

Sword Art Online 13 - Alicization Dividing

Chapter 11 – The Secret of The Chamber of Elders

The wide ceiling vividly depicted a splendid piece of art.

Knights glittering with light, monsters being driven away, and a
mountain range splitting the earth… it seemed to illustrate the

story of creation. Each place even had crystals embedded there,
sparkling like the stars.

But for some reason, the presence of what should have

definitely been essential for the subject of the painting, Stacia,
the goddess of creation, was not in the middle as she should

have been. That section had been painted out pure white and
what would be like a void ruled over the entire painting.

Eugeo frowned for a short while before turning back. Raising

his upper body from his posture of crawling on fours, his back
came into contact with something and he looked behind in a
fluster.

“……!?”

Eugeo was at a loss for words, with his body still twisted.

Right behind him was the side of an astonishingly humongous
bed.

The bed, circular in shape like the room, seemed to measure

close to ten mel. Four golden posts propped up the canopy,
golden as well, and flimsy, violet drapes dangled off that,

creasing over each other. A pure white sheet, resembling silk

from the east empire, covered the bed and faintly gleamed with
the starlight streaming in from the windows.
189

Sword Art Online 13 - Alicization Dividing

Chapter 11 – The Secret of The Chamber of Elders

And—a single silhouette lay down in the middle of the bed.

He couldn’t see much more than vague contours, obstructed by
the translucent, flimsy cloth hanging from the canopy.

Eugeo swallowed his breath and his body jerked up. He

couldn’t believe that he didn’t notice someone else’s presence,

despite being so close by for these few minutes. No, before even
considering that, he had apparently been sound asleep for

hours, leaning against this bed. Just how did it end up this—

Getting to that point in his thoughts, Eugeo finally recalled the

final scene remaining in his broken memories.

—That’s right… I was fighting with that hero of that old

story… with Knight Commander Bercouli.

—I was stuck to the knight commander by ice due to the Blue

Rose Sword’s «memory release art»… then that small man

wearing those gaudy jester clothes appeared before our Lives
ran out… apparently called Chief Elder Chudelkin, who said

those weird things. Then he stamped over the ice roses with his
shoes as he came closer… and after that…

It seemed his memories stopped there. That jester might have

carried him here, but he didn’t know why. He instinctively felt
around his waist, but the Blue Rose Sword had disappeared
away somewhere.

Bearing the sense of helplessness that assailed him in that

moment, Eugeo focused his eyes towards the silhouette on the
190

Sword Art Online 13 - Alicization Dividing

Chapter 11 – The Secret of The Chamber of Elders

bed. Was it an enemy, or an ally… no, this was unmistakably the
Central Cathedral, and likely the highest floor at all. Anyone in
such a place couldn’t possibly be an ally.

He figured it best to escape the room while muffling his

footsteps now, but his desire to know the identity of the

sleeping silhouette won out. However, no matter how high he

stretched out, he couldn’t see the face hidden behind the flimsy
cloth dangling at the center of the bed.

Silencing his breath, he softly placed his right knee onto the

bed.

Sinking deeply into the white silk sheet as though it was snow,

Eugeo extended his arms in panic. Those hands, too, ended up
sinking into the smooth fabric.

The terrifying nightmare from earlier vividly came back to

Eugeo as he felt himself swallowed by the bed and his back

involuntarily trembled before he quietly lifted his left leg onto
the bed as well. Getting onto fours like that, he slowly, slowly
headed towards the middle.

Cautiously crawling across the unbelievably massive bed,

Eugeo couldn’t help but imagine how much down of the highest
grade had been tucked in, under the sheets. It took a whole half
year to produce a single, thin futon after slowly gathering the

feathers that came off the domestic duck reared in his family’s
rear garden back in Rulid Village, day after day.
191

Sword Art Online 13 - Alicization Dividing

Chapter 11 – The Secret of The Chamber of Elders

Stopping his advance in front of the flimsy cloth dangling

from the canopy for the moment, Eugeo shifted his attention to
his ears. Though extremely faint, he could hear the regular

sound of breathing. It seemed the other party still remained
asleep.

Timidly, he reached out with his right hand. Sticking his

finger under the flimsy cloth, he gently, gently lifted it up.

The moment the bluish-white light reached the middle of the

bed, Eugeo opened up his two eyes.
A single female laid there.

Clad in light clothes in a shade of pale violet—the exact same

color as the «Stacia Window»—and hemmed with silver thread,
she had her pale, slender hands crossed over her body. Her
arms and fingers were slim like a doll, but the two mounds

propping up the flimsy fabric immediately above them were

bountiful and he turned his sight away in panic. Her breasts,

peeking out from her unreservedly opened neckline, too, shone
white.

At last, Eugeo looked at the female’s sleeping face.

A sensation like his soul being sucked out descended upon

him in that moment and everything else left his vision.

How could it be so perfect? He thought it beyond the limits of

humans. Integrity Knight Alice, whom he fought on the eightieth
floor, had faultless good looks as well, but her beauty still
192

Sword Art Online 13 - Alicization Dividing

Chapter 11 – The Secret of The Chamber of Elders

remained within the realm of humans. That was only natural;
Alice was human, after all.

However, this existence sleeping a mere mel away was—

Could the greatest carver in the capital even bring forth such

artistry after an entire lifetime of effort? Eugeo couldn’t find the

words to describe even a sheer fraction of her beauty. Even if he
tried to liken her lips to flowers, a flower with curves so lovely
couldn’t be found anywhere in the Human World.

Both those eyebrows framing her shut eyelids and her long

hair flowing onto the sheets looked as though they had been

casted in pure silver. They gave off a cold gleam, reflecting blue
from the dimness and white from the moonlight.

Before he knew it, Eugeo had his rationality stolen, like a fly

captivated by sweet honey.

Only the desire to touch these hands, this hair, these cheeks

filled his emptied head.

When he languidly drew closer on his knees, a fragrance he

had never smelled before softly drifted in the air.

The fingers on his stretched out right hand would reach in

just a little… reach that smooth skin in a little bit…
You mustn’t, Eugeo.
Run!

193

Sword Art Online 13 - Alicization Dividing

Chapter 11 – The Secret of The Chamber of Elders

He heard someone shout from somewhere far away.

Small fireworks went off at the core of his mind and swept

away some of the thick fog enveloping his consciousness. Eugeo
opened his two eyes and instinctively drew back his right hand.
—This voice… where have I heard it before…

As he wondered so in a daze, his ability to think slowly

returned to him.

—What… had happened to me…? What was I doing here…?

He lowered his gaze to the woman before his eyes to confirm

the situation he was in and what resembled a viscous, deep

drowsiness crept in his head once more. Averting his eyes in
panic, he strongly shook his head in opposition.
—Think. Think.

—I should know this person. Someone sleeping alone on a

lavish bed on the highest floor of the Central Cathedral. In other
words, the one who holds the highest authority in the Axiom

Church—not to mention the one who rules over everything in
the Human World…

In other words, the highest minister, Administrator.

Eugeo repeated the name he finally recalled countless in his

mind.

194

Sword Art Online 13 - Alicization Dividing

Chapter 11 – The Secret of The Chamber of Elders

The instigator behind taking Alice away, stealing her

memories, and turning her into an integrity knight. The

mighttest sacred arts user who even the sage possessing

immeasurable power, Cardinal, was no match for. The ultimate
enemy of Kirito and Eugeo.

And that Administrator was sleeping before his eyes.
—Can I win… right now…?

He moved his trembling left hand towards his waist without

thinking, but the Blue Rose Sword wasn’t there. It was either

stolen by the chief elder, Chudelkin, or perhaps still under the

ice still covering all of that large bath. Even if the opponent was
asleep, without a weapon, he couldn’t…
No.

He still had one. A sword that was small yet mightier than

sacred tools in a certain sense.

Eugeo moved his left hand from his waist to his chest and

softly pressed down on his shirt’s fabric. The distinct sensation
of a hard cross made itself known to his palm. The final trump
card bestowed by Cardinal.

If this dagger was stabbed into Administrator’s body, she

should be incinerated dead in an instant from the offensive art
Cardinal would send in, bypassing space.
“……gh…”

195

Sword Art Online 13 - Alicization Dividing

Chapter 11 – The Secret of The Chamber of Elders

But Eugeo let out a distraught sigh while gripping onto the

dagger through the fabric.

This dagger should have been used on Integrity Knight Alice.

Of course, not to burn her to death, but to put her to sleep

through Cardinal’s arts and to restore her memories, turning
her back into the old Alice. If that couldn’t be done,

Administrator’s defeat would serve no meaning to Eugeo. It

might be possible to turn Alice to her old self without using the
dagger if the highest minister was eliminated, but he had no
assurance it would.

Seized by the doubt that lacked an answer, Eugeo heard the

mysterious voice yet again while biting on his lips, and noticed.
Eugeo… run……

But before that voice that seemed far too distant could make its
way to his consciousness—

The sleeping woman’s silver eyebrows softly shook.

Those white eyelids slowly, slowly rose as Eugeo stared on in

blank amazement. His vision was frozen in place, let alone his

left hand, still holding onto the dagger. His ability to think, once
restored, dispersed yet again and faded to nothing.

The woman closed her faintly opened eyelids for a moment,

then gently blinked several times, as though to rouse Eugeo into
196

Sword Art Online 13 - Alicization Dividing

Chapter 11 – The Secret of The Chamber of Elders

action. And on the third time, those eyelids finally opened up
completely.
“Ah……”

it.

That sigh escaped from Eugeo’s mouth without him realizing
The now-exposed eyes were pure silver, a color he had never

noticed in any human’s eyes before. Those mirror-like irises

were tinted faintly in the brilliance of the seven prismatic colors,
wavering as though on a water surface. A divine radiance that
could make any rare gem in this world appear dull in
comparison.

Before Eugeo’s eyes as he stayed frozen like a statue while

still on his knees on the bed, the awoken woman swayed

upright with wispy movements. Upon rising as though pulled

up by some invisible force with her two arms still left under her
breasts, her long, silver hair also softly flittered despite the lack
of wind and streamed tidily down her back as a whole.

The woman—or girl, who appeared slightly more youthful

with her eyes now open lifted her right hand to her mouth as
though paying Eugeo no heed and let out a small yawn.

Her legs that were stretched out straight turned towards the

right together. The balance of her slender body lurched and her
left hand struck the sheets to support herself.
197

Sword Art Online 13 - Alicization Dividing

Chapter 11 – The Secret of The Chamber of Elders

The girl turned her face to the left at last, looking straight at

Eugeo while maintaining that bewitching posture.

Her pure silver eyes, fringed by a rainbow radiance. He could

hardly think of them belonging to a human, due to the lack of

pupils residing within them. They were unbearably beautiful,

but prevented all access deeper into her heart as they reflected
all light like a mirror.

Upon gazing at his own dumbfounded expression projected

on those two small mirrors, the girl’s glossy, pearl grey lips

made a slight movement. Her voice, sweet as honey and pure as
crystal, with a hint of enticement, spoke.
“What a pitiful child.”

It took some time for him to understand what was spoken.
However, without becoming aware of the languor in his
thoughts, Eugeo replied in a daze.
“Eh…? Pitiful…?”

“Yes. How very pitiful.”

Throwing the hearts of any who hears it into disarray, it was
filled equally with both an unsullied purity and the tone of a
femme fatale.

198

Sword Art Online 13 - Alicization Dividing

Chapter 11 – The Secret of The Chamber of Elders

Her glossy, pearl grey lips showed a faint smile as her

honeyed voice flowed on.

“You are much like a withered potted flower. No matter how

far into the soil you spread your roots, no matter how high you
reach your leaves into the wind, you could not come into
contact with a single drop of water.”
“…A potted… flower…”

Eugeo frowned and tried to understand the significance

behind those mysterious words. His mind was still enveloped in
haze, but the girl’s eyes summoned a stinging pain from
somewhere within his heart.

“You understand. Exactly how much you thirst, how much you

hunger.”

“…For what…?”

His mouth moved without his acknowledgement and
questioned in a dry, hoarse voice.

The girl stared at Eugeo with her reflective eyes and replied

with the smile still on her face.
“Love.”

Love… she said?
199

Sword Art Online 13 - Alicization Dividing

Chapter 11 – The Secret of The Chamber of Elders

That’s like… saying that I… don’t know what is love…
“Indeed. You are a pitiful child who has never had the
experience of being loved.”
That couldn’t be true.

My mother… loved me. Whenever I had a nightmare and

couldn’t sleep… she would hug me and sing lullabies for me.
“Did that love truly belong to you alone? It didn’t, did it? It was

actually what was left over after your brothers have taken their
share, wasn’t it…?”

She’s lying. Mother… loved me, only me…

“You wanted her to love only you. But she didn’t. That was why
you hated them. Those who took away your mother’s love, like
your father. And your brothers.”

Lies. I… I don’t hate my father or brothers.

“Really now…? After all, haven’t you sliced him up?”
……

Who…?
200

Sword Art Online 13 - Alicization Dividing

Chapter 11 – The Secret of The Chamber of Elders

“The one who had loved you and only you for the first time; that
red-haired girl… You had cut that man who tried to steal her by
force and sully her. Because you hated him. Because he had
stolen away what had belonged solely to you.”

No… that wasn’t why I pointed my sword towards Humbert.

“But it was no panacea for your thirst. No one would love you.

Everyone had forgotten about you. You have been cast aside, no
longer needed.”

No… no. I… I haven’t been cast aside or…

That’s right… she’s wrong. I have Alice.

The moment he recalled that name, the viscous haze shrouding
his consciousness felt as though it had cleared up a little and

Eugeo shut his eyes tight. It wouldn’t be good being swept into
this flow, he had to get moving now; the sense of danger filling
his mind whispered thus.

However, before he could move for real, the beguiling voice

slipped into his mind from his two ears once more.

“I wonder if that really is true…? Does that child truly love

you and only you…?”

That reverberation hid faint laughter under its compassion.
201

Sword Art Online 13 - Alicization Dividing

Chapter 11 – The Secret of The Chamber of Elders

“You have forgotten. I’ll let you recall them. Your true

memories, buried deep within the depths of your heart.”
Eugeo’s vision lurched in that instant.

The luxuriously downy bed faded and he fell into a dark, deep

hole without end.

The scent of fresh, green grass pricked his nose all of a

sudden.

Verdant light filtered through trees flickered in a corner of his

sight while the chirping of small birds overlaid the sound of
footsteps over the undergrowth.

Eugeo was walking deep in a forest when he became aware of

his situation.

His line of sight was awfully low and his steps were short. His

legs stretching out from his shorts made from fiber were those
of a child, slender and weak, when he took a look downwards.
But the sense of unease immediately vanished, overwhelming
irritation and loneliness filling his chest in its place.

For some reason, he hadn’t seen Alice at all since the day

started.

Upon finishing his morning work, tending to the cows and

weeding the vegetable garden, Eugeo rushed as fast as he could
towards the usual gathering spot—underneath an old tree

outside the village. However, Alice didn’t come no matter how
202

Sword Art Online 13 - Alicization Dividing

Chapter 11 – The Secret of The Chamber of Elders

long he waited. In addition, neither did his other childhood, that
black-haired boy.

After waiting for the pair until the sun climbed up to its

highest place in the sky, Eugeo tottered to Alice’s home while

feeling an indescribable emotion. She must have been found out
after playing some prank and got stopped from going out to
play. That was what he had thought, but her mother who

greeted him there said thusly with her head tilt in confusion.

That’s strange, she went off rather early today. Kiri-bou came

for her, so I was sure she would have been with you too, Eu-bou.
Mumbling his thanks and leaving the village chief’s residence,

Eugeo felt his unease turn into impatience and searched around
the village. However, though the central plaza occupied by the
guard chief’s son, Jink, and his henchmen was a given, he

couldn’t find Kirito and Alice at any other playing area or hiding
place.

Only one other place came to mind. A perfectly round grass

patch they had recently found deep in the eastern forest that

the other children didn’t approach. It was a secret place for the
three of them, called the «fairy ring» by the adults and filled
with various flowers and sweet berries.

Eugeo desperately ran towards there, halfway on the verge of

tears. His body set into motion by his loneliness, doubts, and
one more emotion, one he couldn’t fit a name to.
203

Sword Art Online 13 - Alicization Dividing

Chapter 11 – The Secret of The Chamber of Elders

After running through the winding, small path, and reaching

the secret, empty land surrounded by remarkably thick, old
trees, a dazzling, golden light swayed in between the tree
trunks in his path and Eugeo’s feet jerked to a stop.

That was unmistakably the radiance from Alice’s familiar

golden hair. He instinctively silenced his breathing for some

reason and pricked up his ears. Fragments of whispers, quietly
exchanged, were conveyed to him on the wind.
Why… why?

With nothing but those words set on repeat in his mind,

Eugeo walked closer to the vacant land with subdued steps. His
heavy melancholy threatening to crush him, he hid himself
behind the mossy trunk and peeked into the secret place
flooded with light from Solus.

Alice was sitting in the center of the multicolored blooming

flowers with her back to him. He couldn’t see her face, but there
was no way he could mistake her flowing, straight, golden hair,
her deep blue dress, and her white apron.

And by her side was a head covered in prickly black hair. His

one and only best friend, Kirito.

His clenched hands were soaked in damp and chilly sweat.

The fickle wind sent Kirito’s voice to Eugeo’s ears as he stood

still.

204

Sword Art Online 13 - Alicization Dividing

Chapter 11 – The Secret of The Chamber of Elders

“Hey… let’s go back already. Someone will notice.”
And replying to him was Alice’s voice.

“It’s still alright. Just a little… a little, okay?”
No.

I don’t want to hear anymore.

But Eugeo’s legs refused to budge as though the tree’s roots

had entwined around them.

In his sight he couldn’t turn away, Alice’s face softly

approached Kirito.

He caught a shred of her quiet whispering.

The pair, snuggling together in the middle of flowers in full

bloom, under the bright sunlight; it appeared just like a painting.
No.

Lies. These are all, lies.

Eugeo shouted out in the darkness. But no matter how he

tried to deny it, his conviction that this scene was one dragged
out from the depths of his own memories gushed up and
streamed into his chest like cold water.
“You see… don’t you?”
Sniff.

205

Sword Art Online 13 - Alicization Dividing

Chapter 11 – The Secret of The Chamber of Elders

The whisper with a tinge with laughter wiped away the forest

scene.

Returning to the gigantic bed in the highest minister’s room

on the top floor of the Central Cathedral, that golden radiance
burnt into Eugeo’s eyes remained even with his eyelids shut.

Along with Alice and Kirito’s whispering voices, echoing deep in
his ears.

His voice of reason, that said he should have only met Kirito

in that forest two years ago, long after Alice had been taken

away to the church, failed to quench the dark emotions filling
his chest. The girl with silver hair right next to Eugeo turned

towards him with an expression filled with compassion as he
opened his two eyes and let out ragged breaths.

“Now you understand, don’t you…? Even that child’s love did

not belong to you alone. No… was there even any for you in the
first place?”

The sweet voice sleekly slid into Eugeo, violently stirring up

his thoughts each time. The boundless hunger and desolation

clearly rising up within himself. The sensation of cracks rapidly
spreading over his heart, flaking off and plunging down.
“But I am different, Eugeo.”

206

Sword Art Online 13 - Alicization Dividing

Chapter 11 – The Secret of The Chamber of Elders

Her most seductive voice thus far seeped into his ears, like the
drifting fragrance from a fruit filled with copious nectar.

“I will love you. I will give all of my love to you, and you alone.”
In Eugeo’s vision as he opened his half-clouded eyes in a daze,

was the girl—Administrator, the highest minister of the Axiom
Church, with her glossy silver hair and eyes gleaming away,
showing a bewitching smile.

Moving her legs that had sunk into the soft sheets, she

straightened her upper body.

Slowly bringing up her hands, she appeared to fiddle around

with the ribbon keeping her breasts in place on her light purple
silk sleepwear.

Her flexible fingertips gripped the ends of the ribbon made

from silver thread and pulled slowly, gently.

With more than half of her wide neckline exposed now, the

graceful, white skin quivered as they lured him in.
“Now, come, Eugeo.”

That whisper seemed both like the voice of his mother he had
heard in the midst of that dream, and the voice of Alice that
reached his ears in that illusion.

207

Sword Art Online 13 - Alicization Dividing

Chapter 11 – The Secret of The Chamber of Elders

With his impeded consciousness, Eugeo stared at the thin,

purple fabric fluttering down like flower petals around her
dreadfully slender waist.

She was truly a flower—a large, devilish one that tempted

and captured bugs and small birds with its ardent aroma and
dripping nectar.

Although a part of Eugeo still felt that way, the allure of that

flower, oozing from its pure white heart gingerly lingering
amidst its violet petals, was far too intense and Eugeo’s

thoughts, smashed into pieces from the earlier illusion, were
wholly drawn into the viscid fluid.

You have never been loved before; that was why you could

truly feel satisfied with what you have.

Administrator had said so. And Eugeo had gradually begun to

acknowledge an aspect of that as fact.

Eugeo himself could frankly say that he loved his parents,

brothers, and friends in his childhood. Looking at his mother

being pleased at the flower he plucked and watching his father
and brothers enthusiastically eating the fish he caught made

him happy. He would even gather herbs in the forest and send
them to the Jink and his circle, nasty as they were, if he heard
that they caught a cold.

208

Sword Art Online 13 - Alicization Dividing

Chapter 11 – The Secret of The Chamber of Elders

But what have they done for you? What exactly have they done
for you in return for your love?

Right… he couldn’t think of any.

Before his eyes, Administrator’s smile readily bent once again

and a scene from his past came back to him.

It was the year he turned ten, in the spring… the day he was

bestowed his «sacred task» along with a crowd of children by
the village chief in the plaza. The sacred task, «Gigas Cedar’s
Woodcutter», spoken out by Gasupht, the village chief, as he

looked down upon the nervous him from the platform, went
contrary to his expectations.

But still, there were cries of envy here and there among some

of the children. The woodcutter was an honorable sacred task

passed down since the Rulid Village was founded and though it
wasn’t a sword, he would still be presented with a real axe.

Even Eugeo himself hadn’t felt dissatisfaction over it back then.

Grasping the parchment wrapped with a red ribbon, the proof

of his appointment, tightly, Eugeo had ran back to his home on
the outskirts of town and announced his sacred task to his
family somewhat proudly.

Following a short silence, the first reaction came from the

younger one among his brothers. He curtly clicked his tongue
and cursed, saying that he thought it would be his last day
209

Sword Art Online 13 - Alicization Dividing

Chapter 11 – The Secret of The Chamber of Elders

handling the cleanup for the cows’ shit. The older one told his
father that it would throw the planting plans for the year into
disarray and his father, too, asked Eugeo when his job would

end and whether he could help out in the fields then, in a groan.
As though afraid of the men’s sullenness, his mother
disappeared into the kitchen without saying a word.

Eugeo felt constantly ashamed in his home for the next eight

years. And despite that, Eugeo’s wages as a woodcutter were

controlled by his father and before he noticed, the number of
goats had multiplied and the farm tools were swapped with

new ones. Despite how, Jink, appointed as a guard apprentice,

spent all of his wages on himself and ate white bread stuffed full
of meat for lunch, and showed off his studded boots and a

sword kept in a lustrous sheath. Despite how, Eugeo had to

walk on in his worn out shoes and a jute sack filled with nothing
more than the left over hard bread on his back before Jink’s
presence.

“You see? Have any of those you loved done anything for you,
even once? On the contrary, they took pleasure in your
wretchedness and even sneered at you, haven’t they?”
Yes… that was exactly it.

Jink had said this to Eugeo after around two years after that

summer of his eleventh year, when Alice was taken away by the
210

Sword Art Online 13 - Alicization Dividing

Chapter 11 – The Secret of The Chamber of Elders

integrity knight. There aren’t any women left to care for you

any longer, with that girl of the village chief gone now, he said.
Jink’s eyes back then told him that he deserved it. The fact

that Eugeo lost the privilege of being the one closest to the
cutest girl in the village and a genius at sacred arts, Alice,
brought joy to him.

In the end, not a single person in Rulid returned Eugeo’s

feelings. Although he had earned the right to gain something

equivalent to what he had given, it had been robbed from him
without rhyme or reason.

“Then, couldn’t you simply return that despair and frustration

to them? You wish to, don’t you? It would feel so good… imagine
becoming an integrity knight and making a triumphant return

to your home village atop a silver flying dragon. Imagine having
all who have made a fool out of you crawl on the ground and

pressing down on their heads with your shiny boots. With that,
you could finally take back everything they have stolen from
you thus far. And that’s not all…”

The beautiful, silver-haired girl slowly, gently let the two arms
supporting her breasts fall, as though drawing him in. Those
two mounds bounced like ripened fruits upon losing their
support.

211

Sword Art Online 13 - Alicization Dividing

Chapter 11 – The Secret of The Chamber of Elders

The highest minister reached her two arms straight towards

Eugeo and whispered with while showing an enthralling smile.
“You can enjoy being loved for the first time as much as you

want. A real, numbing sense of satisfaction from head to toe. I

am different from those who have taken away from you without
giving anything in return. If you could give me your love, you
will have just as much in return. I will let you experience
incomparable pleasure, beyond what you could possibly

imagine now, if only you could grant me your deepest love.”

Even the final trickle of Eugeo’s ability to think was about to

be drawn into that devilish flower. But still, a fragment of

reason left in the depths of his heart put up a quiet resistance.
—What exactly… is love?

—Is it nothing more than something that could be assigned a

value… like money…?

It’s not, Eugeo-senpai!

His sight turned towards the voice he heard and saw a red-

haired girl clad in a grey uniform, desperately reaching out with
her hand in the darkness on the other side.

But before Eugeo’s hand could stretch out, the thick, pitch

black curtains descended upon the red-haired girl and she

vanished, leaving behind only the shade of grief in her eyes.
212

Sword Art Online 13 - Alicization Dividing

Chapter 11 – The Secret of The Chamber of Elders

And this time, a voice from someone else came from the

opposite direction.

It’s not, Eugeo. Love is definitely not just something to be

repaid.

Turning around, he found a small grassy space parting the

darkness and a golden-haired girl wearing a blue dress standing
in it. The girl’s blue eyes dazzlingly glittered as though they

were the one and only exit to this bottomless swap and Eugeo
roused his weary legs in an attempt to crawl towards her.

However, the black curtains fell down with a thud once more

and the verdant field was erased. Eugeo was at a loss with the
light’s departure and remained crouching where he was. He

could hardly bear this searing thirst any longer. Upon recalling
the continuous, unjust oppression, exploitation, and thief of
what should have belonged to him from his childhood, his

anguish and chagrin transformed into concentrated brine,
scorching his throat.

At last, Eugeo began to steadily worm himself forth with his

head hung down. Towards the flow of nectar emitting a
fragrance of cloying sweetness.

Pushing through the smooth silk sheets, his fingertips

extended forward and came into contact with refreshingly cool
skin. When he brought his face up, the silver-haired girl with
213

Sword Art Online 13 - Alicization Dividing

Chapter 11 – The Secret of The Chamber of Elders

looks on par with a goddess showed a transcendental smile as
she took Eugeo’s hand.

With his right hand gently pulled forward, he pitched forward

without resistance. The unclothed body received Eugeo and
enveloped him into a mesmerizing softness.

A voice whispered into his ear with sweet breaths.

“You want it, don’t you, Eugeo? To forget all of your grief, to

indulge in all I have to offer? But no, not yet. I have already said
this, first, you will have to give me your love. Now, repeat after
me. Trust only in me and offer all you have. Well… first, start a
sacred art.”

All that Eugeo was aware of now, were the layers of sweet-

scented softness wrapping around him.

He faintly heard his own mouth move, spilling out a hoarse

voice.

“System… call.”

“Yes… go on… «remove core protection».”

The highest minister’s voice lightly shook, carrying a certain

emotion for the first time.

Eugeo chanted the first word of the unfamiliar art in a

mumble.

214

Sword Art Online 13 - Alicization Dividing

Chapter 11 – The Secret of The Chamber of Elders

215

Sword Art Online 13 - Alicization Dividing

“Remove…”

Chapter 11 – The Secret of The Chamber of Elders

Entrusting his body with the command he had been given, his

existence felt increasingly light and dim. The hunger and thirst
that had tormented Eugeo for a long, long time faded into the

sweet nectar. At the same time, a precious emotion that he had

always held in the core of his heart crumbled, lost its shape, and
vanished.

—Is this really for the best…?

The question he asked himself in his diminishing chest lit a

humble flame, but the next word spilled from his mouth before
he found the answer.
“Core…”

—Well, I really don’t want to experience anymore sadness,
anymore sorrow.

Love in this world could never be made certain. Even if… even

if Alice were to regain her memories, what if she had no eyes for
Eugeo? What if Alice ended up filled with fear and loathing for

Eugeo, who had offended the Taboo Index by cutting Humbert

and turned his sword against many knights in opposition to the
Axiom Church…?

If things could end up that way, it might be better to simply

stop right here.

216

Sword Art Online 13 - Alicization Dividing

Chapter 11 – The Secret of The Chamber of Elders

Eugeo vaguely understood his journey over these two years

would come to a complete halt the moment he chanted the third
word. However, he could forget his painful, dismal past by

doing so—he could immerse himself in the love granted by this
silver-haired girl; that reasoning certainly contributed to his
choice as well.

“Yes… now, come to me, Eugeo, come into me.”

A whisper, filled with an unparalleled sweetness, flowed into

his ear.

“Welcome, to my eternal stasis…”

A single drop of tear flowed as Eugeo murmured that final

word.

217

Sword Art Online 13 - Alicization Dividing

3

Chapter 11 – The Secret of The Chamber of Elders

“There… we… goooo!”

With that desperate cry, I pulled my body up for the umpteen

time, hooked my right leg onto the marble edge and clambered
over it before falling flat down onto the smooth floor.

My joints and muscles, abused beyond their limits, throbbed

as though they were sizzling in a fire. Large drops of sweat

poured endlessly down my forehead and neck and I could only

let out my coarse breathing, not even having enough strength to
wipe them away with my fingertips. The realism of this hefty

fatigue was practically enough to dispel my belief of the basis
that this world was a virtual world generated by the STL.

I had finally reached the ninety-fifth floor of the Central

Cathedral at the end of roughly two agonizing hours after

awaiting the moon’s ascent and resuming the wall climbing, but
I no longer had the energy to gaze around. Throwing out my
limbs, I closed my eyes and waited for even the slightest
amount of my Life to recover.

The objective, the ninety-fifth floor, was merely seven floors

from that terrace set up with «minions», but the reason for

spending this much time and effort to cross that distance was
this golden knight strapped onto my back with thin chains.

Several hours ago, Knight Alice Synthesis Thirty did manage

to surpass that which was likely set on everyone in the
218

Sword Art Online 13 - Alicization Dividing

Chapter 11 – The Secret of The Chamber of Elders

Underworld, «the seal of the right eye»—that mysterious

system alert, by her own will, but the price she paid was heavy
indeed.

Her right eye, bearing a resemblance to jasper, blew off

without a trace and the pain from that shock rendered Alice
unconscious.

I am uncertain if it was due to their souls being stored in an

artificial storage medium, the light cube, but those of the

Underworld were relatively susceptible to psychological shocks.
When afflicted by excessive grief, fear, or perhaps anger and

such—those emotions were rare due to the lack of crime in the

world, however—they end up losing their sense of reason for a
period of time, likely to protect their fluct lights from a fatal

error. Like what had occurred to Selka, Alice’s little sister, when
she was captured by a squad of goblins at the northern
mountain range cave two years ago.

I conjectured that Alice, too, had only lost consciousness to

mitigate the shock from breaking that seal and would

eventually awaken. She should have died on the spot like the

head elite swordsman-in-training, Raios Antinous, if her fluct
light had threw a fatal error.

On that line of thought, it was a real surprise that Eugeo,

having experienced the same phenomenon as Alice in Raios’s

room two days ago, managed to draw his sword without losing
consciousness. As expected, he wasn’t in an excellent state of
219

Sword Art Online 13 - Alicization Dividing

Chapter 11 – The Secret of The Chamber of Elders

mind after we were thrown into the discipline chamber

together, but he could still give a proper reply when spoken to.
I had yet to form a concrete idea on the reasoning behind

their emotional vulnerability and their absolute obedience

towards orders, but at the very least, it wasn’t impossible for
the people of the Underworld to transcend those. Eugeo and

Alice were tangible proof. The people of the Underworld were

intelligence created by man—AI, but the strength of their souls
was no different from the humans of the real world…

Thinking through such things, I awaited Alice’s recovery on

the minions’ terrace, but the esteemed knight wouldn’t wake up
even after an hour had passed. I did stanch the blood flow from

her right eye with sacred arts, but I lacked both adequate space
resources and the competency as an art user to cure it

completely. The moon rose as I stayed on standby and the space
resources began to be replenished, but that had to be reserved

for creating the pitons necessary for climbing. I tore the hem of
my shirt off and made an impromptu bandage, winding it

around Alice’s face in consolation, before making up my mind to
climb the tower with the unconscious integrity knight on my
back.

Upon undoing the chain that connected both of our bodies

and carrying Alice’s slender, yet unbearably heavy body, I

seriously considered leaving behind the golden armor and the
Fragrant Olive Sword that made up most of the weight. But
220

Sword Art Online 13 - Alicization Dividing

Chapter 11 – The Secret of The Chamber of Elders

seeing as Alice was resolved to fight on our side, it would be
inane to discard that equipment.

Resigning myself to my fate once again, I firmly fixed the

knight I carried in place and began climbing the sheer wall

towards my goal, the upper portion of the cathedral that had

sank into the night sky. When I saw a new terrace at the end of
an excruciating two hours, the strength that escaped me from

the relief I felt even caused me to drop a piton. I could only pray
that no one was standing on the ground straight below.

Anyway, I ought to be forgiven for lying down for a nap after

climbing over ninety meters of this vertical, straight wall to
reach the goal, this ninety-fifth floor. Not that I’d move for
another three minutes even I weren’t.

I gathered my determination to do so and focused my all into

relaxing my entire body, sinking into bliss, but a hindrance
sprang forth from behind me; it was a soft voice.
“U… uhm…”

The knight’s breath tickled my nape as she stirred awake.
“…Where… I’m… how…”

Those murmurs escaped from Alice before she tried to get up,

but the chain immediately tensed up and the weight that
momentarily left my back returned.

221

Sword Art Online 13 - Alicization Dividing

Chapter 11 – The Secret of The Chamber of Elders

“These chains… Kirito… don’t tell me you carried me… all the

way here…?

That’s right, be a little more grateful about it. That mutter to

myself lasted a brief moment.

“Get away from me, you’re soaked in sweat! It’s seeping into

my clothes! Quick, get off me!”

And upon sending a jab to the back of my head alongside that

scream, my brow smashed into the marble floor with all of her
strength back it.

“You’re horrible… that was too much…”

Having undone the chain in a hurry and lowered down the

baggage on my back, I leaned against a nearby circular pillar as
I sighed.

However, as for the esteemed knight, she took no notice of my

hard labor and dusted off her white skirt with a scowl. Just as I
thought she was done, wrinkles settled in her brow as she

pinched the sleeve that had stayed in constant contact with my
neck while I carried her. I couldn’t help but to give a light
rebuke at least, after seeing such conduct.

“If it’s annoying you that much, why don’t you just get in a

bath or something, oh great knight?”

222

Sword Art Online 13 - Alicization Dividing

Chapter 11 – The Secret of The Chamber of Elders

It was meant as a jab towards Alice’s fussiness, but as the

recipient began tilted her head in actual consideration, I had to
continue on in a fluster.

“No, that’s a joke! Let’s not even joke about going all the way

back down to the floors in the middle.”

“No, there’s no need to go that far, a mere five floors below…

on the ninetieth floor, there is a large bath meant for the
integrity knights’ use.”
“Wha…”

I was the one who trembled this time round. It would be a lie

if I said that I didn’t want to clean up my clothes and body,

smeared with dust and sweat due to the consecutive, fierce
battles after escaping the underground jail, along with that
unexpected wall climbing.

It didn’t have to be a bath, even a single pool of water close by

would—I pondered while scanning through our surroundings
once again.

The ninety-fifth floor of the cathedral, «(Morning Star

Lookout)», appeared to have been built as a humongous

viewing deck as its name implied. The circumference of the

perfectly rectangular floor had no walls—that was the reason
why we set this place as our target, after all—and circular

columns supported the ceiling in intervals of roughly three
meters all by themselves. I couldn’t help but give a nod of
223

Sword Art Online 13 - Alicization Dividing

Chapter 11 – The Secret of The Chamber of Elders

agreement to Administrator’s decision to station minions on the
wall a little below in the slight chance of intruders, after seeing
how openly this was constructed.

The outermost circumference, where Alice and I were, was a

terrace encircling the floor with short steps stretching inwards
from various positions. Several marble sculptures and verdant
shrubs were placed in the slightly higher interior, along with

tables and chairs of magnificent design. Sitting in those chairs in
the afternoon, rather than the middle of the night like now,

would likely allow a lovely bird’s eye view of the Underworld,
extending on infinitely.

The grand staircase leading up and down seemed to have

been built on the northern side. Belated as it might be, there
were no sign of anyone aside from us on the floor now.

Now then, had Eugeo passed through this ninety-fifth floor

yet?

Over seven hours had passed since we were separated on the

eightieth floor. Considering it rationally, Eugeo should have

reached this place far faster than us who went through great
struggles to climb up the outer wall.

But the problem would be the mighty opponent standing in

Eugeo’s way, stronger than the minions we had fought—

Integrity Knight Commander Bercouli Synthesis One himself.

The hero of the legend, supposedly stronger than both Deputy
224

Sword Art Online 13 - Alicization Dividing

Chapter 11 – The Secret of The Chamber of Elders

Integrity Knight Commander Fanatio who fiercely fought me to
a close draw and Alice who dealt with me without difficulty.

Of course, Eugeo wasn’t weak. He might have even surpassed

me in terms of skill with the sword. However, technique alone
could not defeat the upper ranks of the integrity knights who

were effectively superhuman. That made striking the opponent

unaware and making use of the entire situation necessary, a socalled strategy of «anything goes». Was the diligent Eugeo
actually capable of that…?

Having taken a look around as well, Alice called out to me as I

worried.

“Of course, this has nothing to do with the bath, but… that

partner of yours called Eugeo hasn’t gotten this high yet, have
he?”

“Eh? Why?”

“After all, this ninety-fifth floor is the one and only place

where we could return back into the cathedral after getting

thrown outside. That much should be obvious on first sight… in
other words, if he had reached here before us, he would have
been waiting here for you.”
“…I see, that’s true…”

I nodded with my arms crossed. Now that she brought it up, if

Eugeo had already passed this floor before us, he would have

likely been captured—or turned into a corpse. Though it went
225

Sword Art Online 13 - Alicization Dividing

Chapter 11 – The Secret of The Chamber of Elders

against my earlier conjecture, I would like to believe that Eugeo
wasn’t one to be captured or killed that easily.
“Besides, if Eugeo…”

Alice murmured with a pensive expression, with his name

rolling off her tongue truly naturally, though the person in
question probably hadn’t noticed so herself.

“…had climbed the grand staircase beyond the Cloudtop

Garden, he would have encountered the strongest opponent

before he reached here, the Morning Star Lookout. He would

have come into contact with oji-sama… His Excellency, Knight
Commander Bercouli.”

Putting aside how she called him oji-sama for now, I decided

to enquire about something that caught my attention.
“So he really is strong? His Excellency, the Knight

Commander.”

Alice’s face promptly turned into a smile with the improvised

bandage still wrapped around it as she nodded.

“I, too, have never achieved victory in a match against him.

Hence, both you, who lost against me, and Eugeo, possessing as
much skill as you, couldn’t possibly hope to defeat him.”

“…Sure, that stands to reason. But as for whether I would

have lost or not had we continued fighting…”

Ignoring my sore grumbling, the golden knight spoke on.
226

Sword Art Online 13 - Alicization Dividing

Chapter 11 – The Secret of The Chamber of Elders

“Certainly, oji-sama’s expertise with the sword is beyond top

class, but his armament full control art could even be said to be
a technique on the level of the gods. The sacred instrument he
holds, the «Time Piercing Sword», possesses the power to

cleave through time as its name suggests. To be specific, the

might behind oji-sama’s slashes remain in the air for a period of
time… do you understand the implication of that? Even if one
were to dodge those slashes one after another, it would only

take a mere moment to get imprisoned within a cage of those
invisible blades. Their limbs would be severed on touch,

perhaps even their necks if they were down on their luck, and

that said, they would meet their end even if they stayed still. All
who have fought oji-sama had ended up taking on a single fatal
hit in the end, like some wooden dummy.”
“…The slashes remain…”

It was tough imagining the reality through those words alone,

but I suppose that essentially meant that the slashes had their

durations stretched into the future. If that was the case, it truly
was a frightening ability. It easily nullified the essence of the

Aincrad consecutive hits sword skills, which disregarded the

power behind each hit in order to lengthen the attacks in terms
of distance and time, that Eugeo and I excelled in.

Exactly how did Eugeo fare against such an opponent?

Though I am convinced that he had not died, cold, ominous
premonitions crept their way up my back.
227

Sword Art Online 13 - Alicization Dividing

Chapter 11 – The Secret of The Chamber of Elders

I guess it really would be best to head downstairs in search of

my partner. But what if the worst case had already occurred

and he was apprehended and taken away upstairs… to the top

of the cathedral, where Administrator lived? What if the highest
minister, intimate with every command, was conducting some
sort of dangerous art upon him this very moment…?

Putting my strength into my two legs that had finally shook

off some of their fatigue, I staggered as I stood up. Glaring at the
grand staircase on the northern side of the floor, I chewed my
lips.

The thought that this was the perfect time to use sacred arts

to search for Eugeo’s current position came to me, but as a

general rule, sacred arts could not be targeted on «humans not
in this area». Administrator and Cardinal’s death match would
have been settled long ago if that had been possible. Targeting
an object instead of a human would still be possible, but…
I finally noticed the existence of a simple solution upon

getting to that point in my thoughts and muttered.
“I see… that’s right.”

After unconcernedly nodding at Alice who turned to me with

a suspicious look, I raised my right hand and shouted out at a
restrained volume.
“System call!”

228

Sword Art Online 13 - Alicization Dividing

Chapter 11 – The Secret of The Chamber of Elders

The space resources drained by the wall climbing had

apparently been recovering as my extended fingers faintly

glowed violet. Holding back the impulse to rush, I carefully
chanted out the length of the command.

“Generate umbra element. Adhere possession. Object ID,

WLSS703. Discharge.”

That all came from memory. Though it was nothing more than

a guess, the string, «WLSS», in the first half of the ID might be

short for «Double-edged, Long Sword, Single-hand» 6 while the
numbers in the latter half could be the serial number for
swords in that category. My black sword’s ID was

«WLSS102382», so there might mean that only several

hundreds of single-handed longswords existed back when the

Blue Rose Sword was generated and that particular number had
went beyond a hundred thousand two years ago…

Even as I brooded over such things, an umbra element bead

separated from my finger tip as it breezily floated downwards
and burst apart, vanishing with a sparkly noise the moment it
touched the floor a short distance away.
“…Downstairs, huh.”

“It would appear so.”

I exchanged a curt conversation with Alice who now had a

look of comprehension on.

“WLSS” – Double-edged, Long Sword, Single-hand (written in
katakana). “W” represents “Double”.
6

229

Sword Art Online 13 - Alicization Dividing

Chapter 11 – The Secret of The Chamber of Elders

I gripped and opened my lowered right hand several times; it

seems that my Life, reduced from fatigue, had already

recovered somewhat, but the injuries Alice had suffered should
be far deeper than my own. Taking another look at the knight, I
briefly enquired.

“How’s your right eye, any chance it could be healed…?”
Alice gently pressed against her right eye, covered by a

bandage that was originally my shirt, with her finger tips at that
and replied with a question.

“You were the one… who applied this?”

“Yeah… I got the blood to stop somehow, that’s the limits of

my sacred arts. But you might be…”

“Well, of course, your art usage authority couldn’t possibly

compare to mine, but…”

Voicing out her usual harsh words without hesitation as usual,

she turned her lone left eye towards the skies and stared at the
bluish-white full moon.

“The current amount of sacred power in the air isn’t sufficient

to generate the number of luminous elements necessary to

regenerate my lost eye at all. It will likely remain impossible
until Solus rises.”

“Then, if you convert some sort of high priority ob- no, item

on you into sacred power… like that armor, perhaps…”
230

Sword Art Online 13 - Alicization Dividing

Chapter 11 – The Secret of The Chamber of Elders

“The art to return equipment into sacred power itself, too,

requires no small amount of sacred power. Have you not learnt
that in the academy?”

Alice put on a mildly exasperated face before hardening her

expression and speaking.

“It still hurts and my right field of vision is slightly deprived,

but neither would serve much obstacle in combat. I do not mind
staying in this state for the time being.”
“B-But…”

“—And I wish to hold onto this sensation for a little longer.

This pain; this proof of my resolve to do battle with the Axiom
Church I had trusted in for these many years…”

I could do naught but nod with her saying that. Knight Alice

would have to cut open a path to obtain a fate chosen by her
own hand in the battles happening from now on.

“…Got it. I’ll have your right if we have to fight.”

Replying thus, I shifted my sight towards the grand staircase.

“Well, sorry to rush you, but let’s get going. Eugeo seems to be

quite a few floors below judging from the umbra element
earlier.”

To be accurate, I had searched for the Blue Rose Sword’s

current position, rather than Eugeo’s, but he wouldn’t let his

beloved sword out from his grasp until something major had
231

Sword Art Online 13 - Alicization Dividing

Chapter 11 – The Secret of The Chamber of Elders

happened. Upon hearing my words, Alice, too, looked towards
the stairs and nodded.

“Allow me to lead the way, I am familiar with the way…

though I suppose we are only heading down the stairs.”

Without granting me a chance to slip a word after her

proclamation, she began walking with her boots making a
clicking sound. I hurriedly followed behind.

Nothing more than a chilly draft blew from the grand

staircase heading downwards at the northern end of the floor,
the presence of humans was utterly lacking beyond the

darkness. Signs of life from the inhabitants of the Central

Cathedral was already boundlessly faint even on the lower
floors, but this place near the top brimming with viscid

dreariness could practically get it classified as a beautiful ruin.
One could hardly believe this was the pivotal organization
reigning over the whole of the Human World.

If I recall right, the top of the Axiom Church should have a

bunch of people called elders, aside from the Integrity Knight

Order, but I wonder why haven’t we caught sight of any of them
even after coming this high.

Positioning myself on Alice’s right after she started

descending the stairs in advance, I softly voiced my misgiving.

The knight quickly frowned when I did and replied in a whisper
as well.

232

Sword Art Online 13 - Alicization Dividing

Chapter 11 – The Secret of The Chamber of Elders

“To be perfectly honest… not even us, the integrity knights,

have been briefed on the full picture behind the elders. We have
heard of a department named the Chamber of Elders on the

floors above, from the ninety-sixth, but the knights were barred
from entering and…”

“Huh… —In the first place, what do those elders’ work

involve?”

“……The Taboo Index.”

Alice’s voice became increasingly grave.

“Confirming and inspecting the Human World’s inhabitants’

compliance to the Taboo Index… that’s the elders’ work. And

the integrity knights are dispatched to deal with the situation

whenever one who breaks a taboo appears. The order for me to
head towards the Sword Mastery Academy in North Centoria to
arrest Eugeo and you, too, was one from the elders.”

“…I see… So, in other words, the Chamber of Elders does the

highest minister’s work in her place, huh? But it’s pretty

amazing that cautious Administrator granted them such a high

authority. Or maybe the elders have their memories suppressed
like the integrity knights as well…”

Alice scowled while shaking her head at my words.

“Please don’t mention anything concerning memories. I

would be troubled if my left eye started hurting this time round.”
233

Sword Art Online 13 - Alicization Dividing

Chapter 11 – The Secret of The Chamber of Elders

“S-Sorry. But I think it’s okay now… Nothing really happened

to Eugeo after he broke through the seal once too…”
“…I hope so too.”

I looked at Alice softly caress the eye patch over where her

right eye was while recalling what had happened on the terrace
outside.

Despite trembling time after time before she made up her

mind to revolt against the church and fight against the highest
minister, the «piety module» that should have been inserted

into her fluct light through that process hadn’t turned unstable
in the slightest. I had guessed that the «memory fragment»

stolen from Alice by Administrator was of her little sister, Selka,
or her childhood friend, Eugeo, but unlike with Eldrie, that

purple prism showed no sign of leaving her forehead, both

when she met with Eugeo at the Sword Mastery Academy and
when she heard Selka’s name.

In that case, what exactly are the contents of the memories

stolen from Alice and in Administrator’s possession?

There wasn’t any point in bothering with that now. After all, if

we get Cardinal to conduct a so-called «reverse synthesis», Alice
would regain her former memories and her integrity knight
persona walking at my side right now would vanish…

My feet moved automatically as I became aware of a soft

throbbing in my chest. Our footsteps were all that reverberated
234

Sword Art Online 13 - Alicization Dividing

Chapter 11 – The Secret of The Chamber of Elders

in the grand staircase, silent as a cemetery, in the middle of the
night.

Upon passing a landing covered in red carpeting for the fifth

time, the stairs downward cut off and a gigantic door took their
place. We did ignore the floors from ninety-fourth to ninety-

first, but there weren’t any traces of battle left on the floor and
walls thus far.

I gave a look that asked, “Here?”, to Alice who stopped in her

tracks.

“Yes… The ninetieth floor’s large bath is just ahead. Oji-sama

certainly wouldn’t have chosen such a place to intercept him…
or so I would think, but that man is simply…”

Gulping down the rest of her words, Alice raised her right

hand and placed it against the double doors. The thick marble
slab easily turned without making any noise.

White mist surged forth as a whole from inside in that instant

and I instinctively averted my face.

“Woah… this is some amazing steam. Just how huge is this

bath, I practically can’t see anything in front of me.”

That wasn’t entirely true of course, but it would be so nice to

strip my sweat-soaked clothes and jump into the warm water…

with those thoughts in my mind, I took a step in. There, I finally
noticed the white mist sticking to my whole body wasn’t
235

Sword Art Online 13 - Alicization Dividing

Chapter 11 – The Secret of The Chamber of Elders

anything like steam rising from hot water, but a cold wave
caused by extremely low temperatures.

It appeared this was beyond Alice’s expectations as well,

seeing as she let out a small sneeze—while I let a huge one rip. I
highly doubt it was pushed aside by my breath, but the white
veil smoothly diverged left and right. The now-exposed,

panoramic view of the large bath struck me into standing still.

It must have used up the entire cathedral floor, with the wall

on the other end so far away it appeared white and hazy. The

bath took up nearly all of the floor area and was halved by the
path stretching straight out from where Alice and I stood, but

each of them were a pool with a size of fifty meters, or so they
appeared to me.

However, what was truly frightening was how the left side,

which should have been brimming with hot water, was now
frozen pure white.

Even the water flowing from a spout installed at the corner of

the bath, made in the resemblance of a beast’s head, had turned

into a curved icicle, an indication that it froze over in an instant.
This was, of course, no natural phenomenon and should be

acknowledged as a result brought about by some large-scale
sacred art.

However, it was no simple task to freeze over this quantity of

hot water in an instant. If the usual freezing arts done through
236

Sword Art Online 13 - Alicization Dividing

Chapter 11 – The Secret of The Chamber of Elders

cryogenic elements were used, it would require ten high
ranking users at the very least, wouldn’t it?

I went forward towards the left and down the stairs that

served as the edge of the bath, then placed my foot upon the

white and hardened ice surface. The ice didn’t even creak with

my entire weight upon it while my black sword was still on me.
The depths must have been frozen all the way through to the
bottom.

“…Just who and why…”

I muttered, dumbfounded, as I pushed through the lingering

mist, my feet taking several steps forward before they treaded

onto something hard. A fleeting noise rang out from that before
breaking apart in that instant. Frowning and taking a look

downwards, I saw that there appeared to be numerous more

round lumps scattered on the ice surface. Reaching my hand out,
I broke one off and brought it before my face.

It—had several blue, translucent petals in bloom, a rose made

from ice.
“……!!”

I had caught sight of this several times before. When I fought

against Deputy Knight Commander Fanatio Synthesis Two on
the fiftieth floor of the cathedral, «Grand Cloister of Spiritual

Light»—or when I fought with Integrity Knight Alice Synthesis
Thirty on the eightieth floor, «Cloudtop Garden». Eugeo’s
237

Sword Art Online 13 - Alicization Dividing

Chapter 11 – The Secret of The Chamber of Elders

armament complete control art, used to stop their movement,
gave birth to ice flowers like these.

In other words, what froze over the whole of this gigantic

bath was not a sacred art, but…
“……Eugeo…”

A chime rang out as Alice came down beside me as I muttered.

She murmured hoarsely with her left eye opened wide in shock.
“Goodness… Eugeo was the one who did this…?”

“Yeah, no mistake about that. It’s his Blue Rose Sword’s

armament complete control art. …Honestly, I never imagined it
could be this powerful…”

Eugeo mentioned that his armament full control art was

meant for restricting movement, but this was ridiculous. A

person would have all of his or her Life drained in an instant
just by getting caught up in this icy hell.

He might have truly driven away the knight of legend,

Bercouli… I pondered while anxiously scanning around. The

umbra element searching for the Blue Rose Sword had certainly
indicated somewhere around here, thus Eugeo should be near
this sword as well.

That then happened. Alice let out a soft “Ah” by my side.
“……!”

238

Sword Art Online 13 - Alicization Dividing

Chapter 11 – The Secret of The Chamber of Elders

I sharply drew in a breath in the next moment. Around

twenty meters away, following the knight’s sight, was a visibly
large silhouette. That was unmistakably the contour of a

human’s shoulders and head. Someone was buried within the
ice.

After exchanging glances with Alice, we both kicked through

the ice roses at our feet as we started running. But I

immediately realized that the silhouette buried in the ice clearly
wasn’t Eugeo. Both his shoulder breadth and his neck thickness
were several times as burly as Eugeo’s.

I slackened my speed from disappointment and wariness, but

on the other hand, Alice cried out shrilly and ran even quicker.
“Oji-sama…!”

She rushed over to the frozen silhouette without restrain.
—That’s Knight Commander Bercouli!? Then where had

Eugeo went…!?

I sped up once again even in my discomposure. By the time I

got there several seconds later, Alice was already kneeling
before the giant half-buried in ice, her two hands grasped
together tightly as she wringed out a half-scream.

“Oji-sama…! Your Excellency, Knight Commander! What had

happened that you were…!?”

239

Sword Art Online 13 - Alicization Dividing

Chapter 11 – The Secret of The Chamber of Elders

Shouldn’t Alice have already known of the Blue Rose Sword’s

ability after experiencing Eugeo’s armament full control art
firsthand on the eightieth-floor? My doubts were cleared
immediately.

The large man sunk chest-deep within the thick ice was not

merely frozen. His shoulders, bulging with muscles, his neck,

thick as a log, and his masculine facial features with the edge of
a war sword were all dyed in an inanimated grey.

“…This… isn’t Eugeo’s armament full control art…”

Still kneeling down, Alice gently nodded when I muttered in a

daze.

“…I believe so as well. I have heard about this from oji-sama a

long time ago. That the chief elder is granted the authority to

turn each and every human to stone… and that includes even
the integrity knights. I believe that art was named… «Deep
Freeze», if I recall right.”

“Deep… freeze. But why… Shouldn’t he be a vital source of

combat might for suppressing us intruders right now?”
“…Oji-sama seemed to hold faint distrust against the

instructions handed down by the Chamber of Elders… However,
he believed peace without the Axiom Church’s rule was

impossible like I once did and continued fighting through the
endless days. Regardless of the authority the chief elder may
possess, this… this treatment is definitely unwarranted,
whatever the circumstances might have been!!”
240

Sword Art Online 13 - Alicization Dividing

Chapter 11 – The Secret of The Chamber of Elders

Tears overflowing from Alice’s left eye trickled to her knees

as she cried out with her head hung down. Without even

attempting to wipe her cheeks, Alice reached out with both

hands and clung to the petrified Bercouli. The drops of tears
falling through the air landed onto the knight commander’s
cheeks and scattered as light particles. That was when it
happened.

Bishii! That noise hammered my ears.

Alice sprang to her feet and fixed her eyes upon Bercouli’s

neck. As though the meager heat from Alice’s tears were

dissolving through the petrification, thin cracks formed upon

him. The cracks instantly multiplied and miniscule fragments
burst off.

The ashen stone sculpture crackled on its own and its neck

slowly, sluggishly turned as Alice and I looked on in amazement.
Before long, the stone figure, with its head finally turned

upwards, started developing cracks near its mouth this time
round. Those broken pieces that must have been living flesh

and blood a few hours ago continued falling off without stop.

Judging from the name, deep freeze, it seemed probable that

command completely froze not just the Underworld inhabitants’
physical bodies, but their minds as well. It was different from

being painted over with plaster in the real world. They would
be denied from all possible motions as instructed by their
241

Sword Art Online 13 - Alicization Dividing

Chapter 11 – The Secret of The Chamber of Elders

absolute god, the system. And this man was smashing through
that with the might of his will.

“Oji-sama… stop, stop it! Your body will shatter, oji-sama!!”
Alice shouted out in a voice streaked with tears. However,

Knight Commander Bercouli ceaselessly struggled against god
and his eyelids finally lifted up as remarkably loud breaking

noises rang out. His eyes were dyed in the same grey as his skin,
but his irises quivered like the surface of water and slightly

regained a shade of pale, bluish grey. I could vividly feel the
strength of will coming from the man’s two eyes.

His mouth formed a broad grin as fragments endlessly flaked

off him and a terribly hoarse—yet stout voice streamed out
from there.

“…Hey, lil’ miss. You don’t hafta cry that hard… it’s ruining

your beauty.”

“Oji-sama…!!”

“Stop worrying already… It’s not like I would kick the bucket

from a single art like this, right? Instead…”

Bercouli stopped his words for a moment and stared at Alice’s

crying face right before him, along with the impromptu bandage
covering its right, before showing a fuzzy smile filled with what
seemed like a father’s love.

242

Sword Art Online 13 - Alicization Dividing

Chapter 11 – The Secret of The Chamber of Elders

“So that’s it… lil’ miss, you’ve finally… crossed that wall, huh…

The seal I’ve… spent three hundred years without breaking it…
in the right eye…”

“O-Ojisama…… I… I…”

“Don’t make… that face… I’m… glad… Now… there’s nothing

more… I can teach you, lil’ miss…”

“That’s not… that’s not true!! There are still many, many

things that I want you to teach me, Oji-sama…!!”

Making no attempt to hold back her childish weeping, Alice

hugged the knight commander’s neck with both arms once

more. A gentle smile still on his face, Bercouli whispered into
Alice’s ear.

“You can definitely do it, lil’ miss… The Axiom Church’s

mistakes… amend them and guide this… twisted world to how…
it should be……”

I realized that voice was rapidly fading away. The astounding

willpower brought forth by the knight commander’s fluct light
was nearly at its end.

Bercouli’s eyes, losing their light and returning to rock-grey,

suddenly pointed straight towards me. From his unmoving lips,
a grave, hoarse voice poured out.

“Hey, rascal… I’ll leave lil’ Alice… in your… hands.”
“…Right.”

243

Sword Art Online 13 - Alicization Dividing

Chapter 11 – The Secret of The Chamber of Elders

244

Sword Art Online 13 - Alicization Dividing

Chapter 11 – The Secret of The Chamber of Elders

I nodded with just that and the hero of olden times nodded

back as new cracks were carved into his neck. What would

likely be his last words reached my ears on the white, cold air.

“Your… partner was… taken by… the chief elder, Chudelkin…

Probably… to the highest minister’s room… Hurry… before that
kid’s misled… by his muddle of memories…”

Knight Commander Bercouli turned into a mute stone statue

once more the instant his voice was cut off.

With a dense, white mist covering up to his chest, the

countless cracks carved upon from his neck to his eyes seemed
to further emphasize his valor, fitting of a hero of old.
“……Oji-sama…”

The heartrending voice Alice forced out while clinging to the

knight commander’s shoulders reached my ears as I thought
hard over the meaning behind the words he left.

The person known as Chief Elder Chudelkin had performed

the «Deep Freeze» command upon Knight Commander Bercouli

and took Eugeo away from this place. Those would be the facts.

Taking a look around, I noticed a perfectly square hole in the ice
that seemed as though it was cut out by a power saw, down to
the bottom of the bath, a short distance away from Bercouli
froze.

Eugeo must have definitely activated his ice roses art with the

resolution to bring it into a stalemate. And the chief elder who
245

Sword Art Online 13 - Alicization Dividing

Chapter 11 – The Secret of The Chamber of Elders

barged in had cut Eugeo out with the ice, then took him up
towards Administrator’s room. However, those words the
knight commander left behind bothered me, about some

muddle of memories. I’m not one to believe that Eugeo would

yield to brainwashing that easily with what I knew about him,
but I couldn’t even begin to imagine what trickery

Administrator could resort to, with her ability to alter fluct
lights directly.

Staring at the shaft as I pondered, I noticed something

glittering as it caught the light deep within the smoothly carved
out portion. Stepping up towards the hole, I stared hard into it
and saw a single long sword stabbed into the bath’s base. I

couldn’t possible mistake its elegant shape even through those
few centimeters of ice. It was Eugeo’s beloved sword, the Blue
Rose Sword.

My unease heightened all the more upon seeing that beautiful

sacred instrument that could practically be called part of

Eugeo’s self left alone at the bottom of the ice. I took a glance at
Alice still clinging onto Bercouli, then drew my black sword
from the left of my waist and lightly stuck its point straight
down, right above the Blue Rose Sword buried in ice. I put

strength into the handle I held with an underhand grip for an
instant.

Pikii! That loud noise rang out as the ice was smashed

vertically down, crumbling into the shaft at its side. Kneeling
246

Sword Art Online 13 - Alicization Dividing

Chapter 11 – The Secret of The Chamber of Elders

down on the ice, I covered the mostly exposed Blue Rose

Sword’s handle with my left hand and slowly pulled on it

despite needing to endure its relentless chill, of some negative

Celcius degree, stabbing into my skin. The sword put up a little
resistance, but was soon drawn out without any noise as
miniscule shards of ice fell off it.

When I stood up with the black sword in my right hand and

the Blue Rose Sword in my left, various joints of mine creaked

in protest at their weight. It was only natural, holding onto two
sacred instruments with high priorities, but I couldn’t simply

give up here. After all, our valet trainees, Ronye and Tieze, had

bloodied their hands to bring these swords to us while we were
being taken away to the cathedral.

I’m the one in charge of getting this Blue Rose Sword to Eugeo

this time.

Taking yet another look around me, I saw a familiar white

leather sheath left on the frosty ice surface. Putting the black

sword back to the left of my waist, I picked up that fallen sheath
and stored the Blue Rose Sword into it. After a bit of thought, I
hung the second sword on the right side of my belt, somehow
attaining the balance to move around.

I took a deep breath as I turned around and found Alice

standing before me, apparently gotten there without my notice.
She wiped away the tears from her left eye with her sleeve and
247

Sword Art Online 13 - Alicization Dividing

Chapter 11 – The Secret of The Chamber of Elders

spoke in a slightly blunt tone, perhaps to hide her
embarrassment.

“…The only ones who would hold two swords are those

eccentric upper class nobles capable only of grandstanding…
but it fits you well enough, strangely.”
“Hm? Oh really…”

I couldn’t help but give a wry smile. Certainly, I lived on as a

solo player fighting with two swords equipped in my SAO days,

but maybe due to the long while I spent hiding my skills, having

someone look at me with dual blades brought a sense of unease.
No—that might not be all to it; I might be holding some fear

for that grandiose other existence of mine, that Kirito who

cleared the death game SAO with dual blades, somewhere in my
heart… or perhaps repugnance. No matter how anyone would
try to convince me, I would gladly pass on taking up that role
for a second time.

“…Even so, swinging two swords at the same time would be

simply impossible.”

Alice candidly nodded in agreement when I said so while

shrugging my shoulders.

“Wielding two swords would render you unable to use the

important secret skills, after all. Even if we ignored that fact,
there is clearly no benefit in equipping two swords. In any

case… if that sword was left behind, I suppose Eugeo must have
248

Sword Art Online 13 - Alicization Dividing

Chapter 11 – The Secret of The Chamber of Elders

already been taken away to the esteemed highest minister… It

would serve us best to hurry, that person’s actions are beyond
what human could think up of…”

“…Have you talked to her before? Have you talked to

Administrator?”
“Only once.”

Alice’s facial expression went rigid as she nodded at my

question.

“That would be six years ago now… but when I woke up with

all of my past memories lost as an integrity knight apprentice, I
met the esteemed highest minister, «the one who summoned

me» and the mouthpiece of the gods in the Human World. She

was a slender and beautiful person who appeared to have never

held anything of considerable weight, let alone swords… but her
eyes…”

She continued murmuring while hugging herself with her two

arms.

“Those silver eyes were like mirrors, reflecting all light… Yes,

I understand now. I must have been stricken with dread. What
drove me to never go against her, to trust in all of her words,

and to give all of myself to her was an overwhelming sense of
fear… I am sure of that now.”
“Alice…”

249

Sword Art Online 13 - Alicization Dividing

Chapter 11 – The Secret of The Chamber of Elders

Feeling slight unease, I stared at the knight’s crestfallen face.
However, as though she had read my mind, Alice took in a

deep breath, then raised her line of vision and nodded.

“I am fine. I have already decided. To do what I believe to be

right, for my little sister living in the faraway north… the family
I have never met, as well as the general populace. —Oji-sama

knew of the seal placed on our right eyes. In other words, the

one who managed the integrity knights, Bercouli Synthesis One,
had definitely not blindly believed the Axiom Church’s rule to

be benevolent. Coming down to this floor hadn’t been any help
in regards to saving your partner, but I am glad I could meet
with oji-sama… I will not let my heart waver any longer.”

Alice lowered her waist and gently stroked the petrified

Bercouli’s cheeks. But that only lasted a brief moment and she
turned back, firmly stepping on the ice as she began walking
back towards where we came from.

“Now, let’s hurry. The chief elder might stand in our way

before we can face off the esteemed highest minister.”

“H… hey, is it okay leaving the knight commander like that?”
I asked after getting beside her in a half-run and Integrity

Knight Alice casually spoke with a keen light in her left eye.
“That would be settled if we string up the chief elder,

Chudelkin, and get him to release the art… or perhaps if we cut
him down.”

250

Sword Art Online 13 - Alicization Dividing

Chapter 11 – The Secret of The Chamber of Elders

The thought that I definitely didn’t want this knight back as

my enemy crossed my mind as I walked on, enduring the weight
of the two swords.

Alice and I stopped upon returning to the ninety-fifth floor,

«Morning Star Lookout», after running through another five

floors worth of stairs, though against gravity this time round.
Unlike me, breathing hard due to the Blue Rose Sword

hanging off the right of my waist, the great integrity knight had
that unchanging tranquil expression on despite how there
shouldn’t be much difference between the weight of our

equipment. I could practically feel a chill from her snow white
skin and blue eyes, filled with resolute determination, as she
looked up towards the stairs continuing to the next floor.

“…Listen to me while you catch your breath. The elders

shouldn’t be much different from the common folk in terms of
close-range combat with weapons, but their sacred arts usage

authority exceeds even ours, the integrity knights’. Even if the

air barely has any sacred power like now, they would likely use
catalyst crystals gathered from the rose garden and launch an
unending barrage of long-range arts at us.”

“For opponents like that… bringing it into close-range, with a

sneak attack, would be the norm… huh.

Alice curtly nodded at me when I cut into the conversation

while puffing and panting.

251

Sword Art Online 13 - Alicization Dividing

Chapter 11 – The Secret of The Chamber of Elders

“This is no time to worry about how we fight. It will be best if

we managed to approach without their notice, but there is no

guarantee we could. If we were to fail in our surprise attack, I’ll
have you charge in while I guard against their sacred arts with
my sword’s full control art.”

“…So I’m the one attacking, huh…”

With me showing a depressed look at the prospect of fighting

against the magic-type enemies that I disliked, Alice’s left

eyebrow jerked up and she let loose with that usual sarcasm
she had a gift for.

“I won’t mind reversing the roles. But in that case, I’ll have to

ask you to defend against those sacred arts.”
“Yeah, got it, I’ll do it.”

Certainly, my black sword was currently recovering its Life

and I wasn’t sure if it could even use its full control art. If

possible, I would honestly like to preserve it until the battle

against the highest minister. In the first place, my special skill,
summoning that huge, umbra-elemental spear that originated
from the Gigas Cedar, was lacking in type of functionality the

«flower storm» from Alice’s sword had, even if it might have the
destructive might to turn a situation around.
Alice solemnly spoke as I nodded away.

“I might cast a healing art from the back if I get in the mood.

Go berserk all you like, but leave the chief elder, Chudelkin,
252

Sword Art Online 13 - Alicization Dividing

Chapter 11 – The Secret of The Chamber of Elders

alive. If he is as I recall, he should be a small man dressed in a
jester costume in shades of vivid blue and red.”

“…That’s one… outfit that throws all sense of dignity to the

wind.”

“That may be so, but don’t make light of him. Aside from that

terrible «Deep Freeze» art, he should have many quick and
powerful arts under his control… he does have the most

capability in the arts in the church, behind the highest minister,
after all.”

“Yeah, I know. Those who look like runts at first glance

always turn out to be the most troublesome in quests.”

Alice spared only a brief moment to make a wary expression

at my words before she turned her pointed gaze towards the
ascending stairs and spoke out a “well, then” with strength.
“—Let’s get going.”

What awaited us, upon running up a floor on the grand

staircase, silencing our footsteps as much as we could in our

hurry, was a particularly narrow, dimly-lit passage and a black
door that shut off the rest of it.

The breadth of the passage illuminated by an eerie green

lamp was a meter and a half at most. Narrow enough that two

would have to take care when passing by each other. The single
door further in, too, was small. Alice and I were barely able to

pass through without hitting our heads against it, but well-built
253

Sword Art Online 13 - Alicization Dividing

Chapter 11 – The Secret of The Chamber of Elders

men the likes of Knight Commander Bercouli would have to
bend over quite a bit, wouldn’t they?

This sight simply didn’t feel right. Normally, the stronghold of

the strongest enemy—the «last dungeon» in short, would get

increasingly extravagant and gaudy in layout and furnishing the
further one explored, wouldn’t it? The floors really had been

generous with their decorations and floor area usage up until
the «Morning Star Lookout» just a floor below.

So what was with this cramp space after we had gotten a

hair’s breadth away from the highest floor?

“…This is the «Chamber of Elders» that you mentioned

earlier… right?”

“I do believe so, but… —We will know after entering.”

She stepped into the passage, her golden hair aflutter, as

though to shrug away her doubts.

Having begun to think that there might be traps set in this

narrow space, I instinctively tried to pull her back, but

immediately reconsidered and ran after her. They couldn’t

possibly have set traps in anticipation of intruders in an area

this far inside the Axiom Church. Even if there were any, they

would probably be proudly displayed like the minions lining the
outer wall.

The narrow path of roughly twenty meters let its intruders

pass without incident and we reached the small door.
254

Sword Art Online 13 - Alicization Dividing

Chapter 11 – The Secret of The Chamber of Elders

Exchanging glances, we both nodded before I, in the offensive

role, reached out and held the doorknob, which was small as
well, with my right hand. The door was unlocked; the knob

turned far too easily with a click and it smoothly opened when
pulled.

I could distinctly feel a sort of presence in the chilly air blew

out from the dim interior—to use an analogy, it was like that
desolation I felt whenever I opened the boss rooms’ doors in
Aincrad’s labyrinths, inducing goose bumps over my back.

That said, I couldn’t very well tell Alice to swap in as the

vanguard now. Firmly pulling open the door, I stooped slightly
as I looked in.

The narrow path continued a little more and expanded into a

barely illuminated, dark space. A faint violet light seemed to be
flickering away, but I couldn’t see where it came from.

It was in that moment I timidly passed through the door that

what sounded like grouchy curses reached my eyes. Stopping in
my steps, I pricked up my ears. It wasn’t a single person’s voice.
There were several—perhaps even several tens of people

muttering over each other. Alice whispered, “Those are sacred
arts”, from behind and I replied in agreement, holding my
breath.

I braced myself, expecting multiple attacks aimed at us, but

that was apparently not the case. The word, «generate», crucial
255

Sword Art Online 13 - Alicization Dividing

Chapter 11 – The Secret of The Chamber of Elders

for offensive arts line, was absent from the fragments of
commands I could hear.

I inclined my head, pondering what sort of art it could be, and

Alice urged me on with whispers.

“Let us rush in. If the elders are casting some great art

unrelated to us, that would actually be in our favor. We might

even be able to get within sword fighting range if we slip among
their voices in this darkness.”

“…Yeah, that’s right. Like we planned, I’ll be the first to go. My

back’s yours.”

Whispering back, I slowly drew my black sword from the left

of my waist. I did think that the Blue Rose Sword at the right of
my waist might become a burden in combat, but that wasn’t

enough to make me leave it in a place like this. Confirming that

Alice had drawn her Fragrant Olive Sword, I stepped forth once
more.

Upon closing in to the shadowy space, I noticed a sort of

unpleasant stench mixed into the cold air. It was unlike the

stench of beasts or blood, similar to rotting food. Shrugging my
thoughts off that, I pressed my back against the passage’s wall
while peeking into the dim area known as the «Chamber of
Elders».

It was spacious—or rather, it was tall.
256

Sword Art Online 13 - Alicization Dividing

Chapter 11 – The Secret of The Chamber of Elders

The floor was circular with a diameter of roughly twenty

meters. The winding wall stretched up high, probably three
floors worth of the cathedral, the ceiling sinking into the

darkness. In terms of its structure, it bore a slight resemblance
to the Great Library Room Cardinal lived in.

There weren’t any sort of lamps; the only sources of light

were several blinking, faint, violet lights around the walls. Aside
from that, there were round objects arranged uniformly with
the same short gaps, but I couldn’t recognize them.

A new light then came to life rather close to us. A rectangular

plane shimmering pale purple—a «Stacia Window». And those
spheres further in were……
The heads of humans.

So that meant every one of those round things lined up in this

cylindrical hall—

“…De-Decapitated heads…?”

A hoarse voice escaped me and Alice, behind me, let out a

whisper at the lowest possible volume from my left.

“No, they seem to be attached to bodies, but… they appear to

be growing from the wall…”

I desperately focused my eyes at her words. Certainly, a neck

and shoulders were below those round heads, but those were
257

Sword Art Online 13 - Alicization Dividing

Chapter 11 – The Secret of The Chamber of Elders

all I could see. After all, their bodies were cleanly withdrawn in
the rectangular boxes mounted on the wall.

Judging from the modest sizes of the boxes, their limbs must

have been folded as far as they could be bent inside. I could
hardly think that environment was pleasant, but the boxed

humans seemed entirely unconscious of the situation they were
in. After all, their faces thrust out from the boxes completely
lacked any sort of emotion.

They grew no hair, not on their hair, their face, lacking even

eyebrows; the two glassy eyeballs sunk in their pallid faces

gazed upon the Stacia Window floating right before them in a

daze. The windows displayed flowing lines of text in a minute
font and at each pause, the boxed humans voiced out
monotonously from their colorless lips.

“System call… display rebelling index…”

My whole body stiffened the moment I heard that voice

unfitting for one among the living.

“They… they are… from back then…!?”
“Do you know of them!?”

Alice rapidly responded to my groan. Taking glances at the

knight’s face, I faintly nodded.

“Yeah… Two days ago, right after I fought against Raios and

Humbert at the Sword Mastery Academy, something like a

window appeared in a corner of the room. The white face that
258

Sword Art Online 13 - Alicization Dividing

Chapter 11 – The Secret of The Chamber of Elders

looked at Eugeo and I from in there… was definitely those
guys…”

Alice pricked her ears towards the boxed humans’ voices

once again at my words, then spoke with a scowl.

“The art they’re chanting… I have no memory of it whatsoever,

but they seem to be dividing the Human World into small

divisions and displaying some sort of value. I don’t know what
that value represents, though.”
“A value…”

The moment I parroted those words, a voice flashed back in

my mind.

—And within those hidden parameters, there exists one

called «Transgression Quotient».

—Administrator quickly noticed this transgression quotient

parameter could be used to reveal the humans skeptical of the
Taboo Index she established….

The young sage in the Great Library Room, Cardinal, was the

one who told me that. There was no more room for doubts. The
sacred words, «Rebelling Index», voiced out by those boxed

humans must be the transgression quotient 7 Cardinal spoke of,
which in other words, meant that the tens of boxed humans in
“Rebelling Index” – Written in katakana, compared to “transgression
quotient” which is translated from kanji.
7

259

Sword Art Online 13 - Alicization Dividing

Chapter 11 – The Secret of The Chamber of Elders

this space were currently checking through the transgression
quotients of every single person living in the Human World.

If they were to detect an abnormal value, the boxed humans

would peek into that location, identify the one who committed
the taboo, and report it. The person who received the report

would then instruct the integrity knights to arrest the criminal.
This was how Eugeo and I, and Alice as well, were taken away
to the cathedral…

I was standing still in mute surprise when a buzzer-like

beeping suddenly rang out. Alice and I both instinctively steeled
our grips on our swords, but apparently, we hadn’t been

discovered. After all, the boxed human who stopped chanting
those commands en masse, were looking straight up, rather
than down.

I hadn’t noticed until now, but something resembling a faucet

stuck up straight above their heads. The boxed humans all

opened their heads and a gooey, brown fluid suddenly flowed
out from the faucets. They caught that with their mouths and

drank it down mechanically. Some of the fluid spilled from their
mouths, staining their necks and chests. That was likely where
the stench of rot came from.

The buzzer rang again before long and the supply of liquid

food ceased. The boxed humans rotated their head back

forward and resumed chanting the commands. System call…
system call…

260

Sword Art Online 13 - Alicization Dividing

Chapter 11 – The Secret of The Chamber of Elders

—This couldn’t be considered any way to treat humans any

longer.

No, I couldn’t permit such terrible treatment, even towards

cows and sheep.

I grinded my teeth, holding back the indignation welling from

deep inside, just as Alice uttered out in a deep, tense voice.
“And these… are supposed to be the elders, of the Axiom

Church, governing the Human World?”

I shifted my vision and saw the integrity knight glaring into

the space, her single, blue eye ablaze with light. It didn’t come

to mind until she mentioned it, but that certainly would be the
conclusion. These tens of boxed humans were the elders, the
higher civil servants of the Axiom Church.

“And the one who brought forth such a sight, too… was the

highest minister, wasn’t it?”
“Yeah… that’s likely.”

I nodded slightly at Alice’s words.

“They must have been humans excelling at the sacred arts,

though with poor combat potential, kidnapped from all over the
Human World who had their emotions and thoughts sealed

away and reformed into these observation instruments called
elders…”

261

Sword Art Online 13 - Alicization Dividing

Chapter 11 – The Secret of The Chamber of Elders

Yes, they were nothing more than mere instruments here.

Instruments to overlook the maintenance of the flawless

peace… or perhaps, stasis, of the entire Human World under the
reign of the Axiom Church. The wretchedness of these elders’

fates eclipsed even the that of the integrity knights who lost the
memories of those precious to them. Administrator’s rule had
continued on for several hundreds of years on the backs of
these victims.

Alice’s face slowly slipped down and her lightly fallen golden

hair hid her expression.

“…I can’t forgive her.”

Perhaps projecting its master’s rage, the Fragrant Olive

Sword gripped in her right hand let out a soft chime.

“No matter what crime they had committed, were they not

still given life as humans? To… deprive them of human

intelligence and emotion, not stopping at simply robbing them
of their memories like the knights were, and shutting them

away in small boxes with meals inferior to even that of beasts…
there is neither honor nor justice in this place.”

Alice boldly raised her face the moment her words ended and

she stepped into the hall without faltering. I chased after her in
panic.

The elders’ vision stayed firmly on the Stacia Windows

despite the arrival of this female knight, glittering beautifully
262

Sword Art Online 13 - Alicization Dividing

Chapter 11 – The Secret of The Chamber of Elders

even in the depths of darkness. Alice moved to the left and

stood before a single box. I stared at the elder’s pallid face from
diagonally behind.

I couldn’t tell its age, or even its gender from up close. Were

its human characteristics robbed from their essence in the

endless months and years since getting bound in this lightless
hall, no, prison?

Alice then smoothly brought the Fragrant Olive Sword in her

right hand up. I thought she intented to break the box, but its

golden edge was neatly placed where the elder’s heart should
be. Swallowing my breath, I sounded out a short whisper.
“Alice…!”

“Do you not believe that severing its life… would be an act of

mercy?”

I had no immediate answer for that question.

From the circumstances, even if they were to reunite with

their «memory fragment»—if there was even one preserved—

they might not return to how they were… the elders’ fluct lights
were broken beyond salvage, rendering repair impossible; I
couldn’t help but to think that.

However, Cardinal, or maybe Administrator could still grant

them a hope that was an improvement over death at the very
least. With that in my mind, I thought to place my hand on
Alice’s golden epaulet to restrain her.
263

Sword Art Online 13 - Alicization Dividing

Chapter 11 – The Secret of The Chamber of Elders

However, a queer noise reverberated through the hall a

moment sooner and frozen both Alice and I in our tracks.
“Aah… aah—!”

It was a person’s screeching, shrill cry.

“Aah, no way, aah, that is such a waste, oh, highest minister,

aah, you mustn’t, aah, ooh—!!”

Alice and I exchanged expressions of doubt at that list of

senseless interjections.

I have no memory of that tone of voice. It didn’t seem to be

from someone young, but still, I doubt it was from someone

elderly. All I could be sure of, was that the owner of that voice
was so excited that he or she had lost all sense of reason.

As though cold water had been thrown on her fury, Alice

withdrew her blade and stared towards where the voice came
from. I, too, turned my sight in that direction.

Further into the cylindrical hall was a widely opened passage

like the one we entered from. The shrill voice carried out from
inside intermittently.
“……”

Let’s go; Alice seemed to imply as she pointed towards the

passage with her sword. Replying with a nod, we began moving
with our footsteps silenced.

264

Sword Art Online 13 - Alicization Dividing

Chapter 11 – The Secret of The Chamber of Elders

The hall lacked any pillars or furnishing that we could hide

ourselves behind and it took a little courage to cross straight
through the middle of the floor, but the tens of humans

stationed on the walls had no eyes for us which implied that the
liquid food coming out from the faucets were all that existed in
their worlds. I couldn’t help but pity the underground jailer or
the girl in charge of the elevator when I found out about their
circumstances, but saying that the elders were tragic was an
outright understatement.

At the same time, I could only say that I could make no sense

of that person letting out that loud, writhing voice so close to

this horrifying place. At the very least, I was sure it couldn’t be
an ally.

Alice apparently thought the same as a pronounced shade of

anger different from earlier appeared on her pale profile.
Cutting a straight line through the hall with her footsteps

suppressed, Alice peeked in from the entrance to the inner

passage. I, too, examined the state of affairs from right behind
her.

Beyond the passage, just as strangely narrow as its entrance,

was a sizable room, though smaller than the hall. Though

modest, it was illuminated, allowing us to see the interior
without trouble.

My first impression was that of a extremely bizarre room.
265

Sword Art Online 13 - Alicization Dividing

Chapter 11 – The Secret of The Chamber of Elders

Every single piece of furniture glittered with a crass golden

color. From the large ones, like the drawers and bed, to the
small, round table and storage boxes; they all gleamed

dazzlingly as they reflected the lighting, stabbing into my eyes
even from this distance.

And what jutted out from those golden furniture or laid atop

them, were countless toys of various types, both big and small.
Most were stuffed toys in loud primary colors. From human

dolls, with buttons for eyes and yarn for hair, to animals like

dogs and cats, horses and cattle, even some monsters I couldn’t
identify, in their repulsive forms; they were here, there, and
everywhere on the floor and bed, piled up into heaps. There

were also building bricks, wooden horses, musical instruments,
and such aside from those, as if the toy shop from Centoria’s
fifth district had been carted here.

And the owner of that voice sat half-buried in there, back

facing us.

“Hoooooh!! Hoooooooh!!”

Similarly, the being that had degenerated into hurling out

meaningless exclamations, one after another, could be
described only as bizarre.

Round. A round head rode atop a nearly spherical torso just

like a snowman. But it wasn’t white; it was clad in a jester outfit,
colored red on the right and blue on the left. The sleeves
266

Sword Art Online 13 - Alicization Dividing

Chapter 11 – The Secret of The Chamber of Elders

covering its stumpy arms had vertical stripes of red and blue as
well; a sight that seemed like it would hurt if stared at too hard.
The round head was pure white and utterly bald like the

elders behind, but unlike them, its surface was glossy with

grease. A hat in the same boorish shade of gold as the furniture
sat on that head.

I put my mouth closer to Alice’s ear as she stood in front and

asked as softly as I could.

“That’s the chief elder…?”
“Yes, that’s Chudelkin.”

The knight’s answer was extremely soft as well, but it came

out with undeniable disgust. I gazed once more at that back
covered by the jester costume.

If he was the chief elder, he should be on equal footing as

Knight Commander Bercouli as the highest ranking sacred arts
user, one among the Axiom Church’s most important people.
But despite that, the word, “defenseless”, was practically

written on his back. His mind appeared to be completely taken
in by something he carried in his two hands.

I couldn’t see it well due to his round back blocking, but it

seemed that thing Chudelkin was absorbed in looking into was

a large glass ball. His outstretched, short legs wiggled each time
colors flickered within it, along with his exclamations of “hah”
or “hoh”.

267

Sword Art Online 13 - Alicization Dividing

Chapter 11 – The Secret of The Chamber of Elders

I figured for sure there would be a tense introduction before a

great battle began, like the fights against Deusolbert and

Fanatio, but just how should I deal with this situation? When I
struggled to think up of a follow-up, Alice suddenly made her

move, apparently unable to hold herself back any longer. With a
wholehearted dash and no attempt to hide her footsteps, to
boot.

That said, she only really needed to kick off the ground five

times. Easily leaving me behind as I frantically tried to catch up
to the golden squall that raided the room, Alice had already

gotten a tight grip on the fluttering collar of Chudelkin’s jester
outfit and lifted him up by the time his round neck thought to
turn around.

“Hoooooaah!?”

Alice vigorously pulled that round thing, from which a

hysterical voice escaped, out from the sea of stuffed toys and
lifted him up high. Finally caught up there, I first scanned

through the entire room. Of course, I was looking for Eugeo who
had been taken away from the large bathe by Chudelkin, but I

couldn’t spot him anywhere. When I looked towards the middle
of the room again in dejection, the glass ball Chudelkin had
been absorbed in caught my eye.

A swirl of light dyed the insides of the glass ball, probably

measuring fifty centimeters from side-to-side at least, showing
an image with depth. A slovenly sitting girl with both legs
268

Sword Art Online 13 - Alicization Dividing

Chapter 11 – The Secret of The Chamber of Elders

folded to the side atop luxurious sheets. Her face was hidden
from view by long silver hair, but her body was completely
unclothed.

It was when my gusto drained away upon realizing this was

the reason behind Chudelkin’s odd squeals that I noticed what

appeared like another person in front of the sitting. I leaned my
face in for a closer look, but perhaps because the art was
interrupted off then, the image flashed white and faded.

Alice, on the other hand, showed no interest in the image

from the very beginning, thrusting the tip of her sword straight
towards the suspended jester’s mouth as she spoke.

“I’ll slice your tongue off from its base the instant it tries to

start the chant for an art.”

The small man’s mouth that was about to scream something

aptly closed after that cold-hearted warning.

Going by the fundamental rule of the Underworld, where all

sacred arts need to be preceded by a «System Call», an art user
opponent would have already lost any advantage upon being

forced into such a posture. But still, I kept my attention on those
two short arms while I gazed at the face of this man—Chief
Elder Chudelkin.

Inexplicable; there weren’t many others whose appearance

suited that figure of speech. Bright red lips occupied the bottom
half of his perfectly circular face, a pug nose protruded above
269

Sword Art Online 13 - Alicization Dividing

Chapter 11 – The Secret of The Chamber of Elders

that, and his eyes and eyebrows drew an arc that resembled a
smiley.

However, those narrow eyes were now opened as wide as

they managed, their small, black pupils quivering as they stared
at Alice.

Those thick lips pursed like a trumpet before long and a voice

like the creaking of rusted metal leaked out from Chudelkin.

“You… number thirty… why are you in a place like thiss? You

should’ve fallen out of the tower to your death with one of the
traitorss.”

“Don’t call me by a number! My name is Alice. And I’ve no

longer a thirty.”

Chudelkin’s greasy face convulsed at Alice’s reply that had

been tinged with a biting cold and he turned his eyes towards
me for the first time. His two crescent eyes opened into halfmoons and heavy breaths spilled out from his throat.

“Y-Youu, why, how!? Thir… Knight Alice, why do you not cut

down this rascal heree!? He is a rebel against the church… have
I not told you that he was a pawn of the Dark Territoryy!!”

“Certainly, he is a traitor. But he is no vanguard for the land of

darkness. Just like I am now.”
“Wh… Wha…”

270

Sword Art Online 13 - Alicization Dividing

Chapter 11 – The Secret of The Chamber of Elders

Chudelkin’s short limbs flapped about as though they were

one of the toys the room was filled with.

“S-Soo you plan to betray the church, huuuh, you shitty

excuse for a knighttttt!!”

Perhaps the held sword no longer registered in his vision, but

Chudelkin’s pure white face was dyed bright red in an instant

and his roars of anger reverberated around the room in a voice
even more screechy than his usual.

“You useless integrity knights are always like thiss!! And

you’re mere puppetss!! Just dolls that have to move according

to my commandsss!! How could you do this to Her Eminencee!!
How could you betray the highest minister, Administratorrr!!”

Having avoided the saliva scattering from Chudelkin’s mouth

by averting her face, Alice coldly replied without even twitching
her eyebrows at the scorn.

“Was it not the Axiom Church who had turned us into dolls?

After all, you have sealed our memories through the «Synthesis
Ritual», forcibly instilled loyalty inside us, and made us believe
in the deception that we are knights summoned from the
Celestial World.”
“Wha……”

Chudelkin’s face changed, once again, from red to white and

his large mouth flapped.

271

Sword Art Online 13 - Alicization Dividing

Chapter 11 – The Secret of The Chamber of Elders

“Why do you know about…”

“It seems we do have some memories left behind despite the

sealing, faint as they may be. I saw this scene for a moment
when I stepped into the adjacent Chamber of Elders… a

frightened girl, filled with anxiety and fear and bound in the

middle of that hall, who had the walls to her heart wrenched

open by the elders’ many, many arts over a course of three days
and three nights. That is the truth behind the Synthesis Ritual…
My tears of grief and despair must have once stained the stone
floor in that hall when I was still that little girl.”

Despite Alice’s attempt at controlling herself, Chudelkin’s face

bewilderingly swapped between red and white as he heard her
words that possessed an edge as sharp as a steel blade.

But in the end, Chudelkin, probably the only human who still

retained his own sense of self among the Chamber of Elders,
showed a vulgar, defiant grin.

“Yes… it is just as you’ve saidd. I can still recall it like it just

happened yesterday, you knoww? The young, untainted, and
oh-so-lovely you, your tears trickling down as you kept on

begging and begging… ‘Please, don’t make me forget… don’t
make me forget about those precious to me…’, hohoho.”

Looking at Chudelkin imitating a girl’s tone of voice in a

repulsive falsetto, Alice’s eyes carried a glow reminiscent of a
272

Sword Art Online 13 - Alicization Dividing

Chapter 11 – The Secret of The Chamber of Elders

fervid flame. But Chudelkin continued with his provocations,
resuming his tasteless monologue.

“Oho, ohoo, of course I remember it! The pleasure I get from

using that sight can still last me an entire night even now! After

brought here from some shitty place in the sticks, you were first
raised as a sister apprentice for two years. You were such a

tomboy, finding a loophole in the daily regimen and sightseeing
at Centoria’s midsummer festival, bu still, you put your all into
studying, believing that you would be able to return back to

your hometown once day if you worked hard enoughh. But you
see, that was all nonsense! Right after your sacred arts usage
authority got fattened up enough, the forced synthesis came!

That tear-stained face you had when you found out you would

never return home was justt… I even thought about turning you
to stone like that, so that I could leave you in my room as a
decoration forever and everr! Hoh, hoh, hoh!!”

I couldn’t stop my right arm, holding onto my sword, from

quivering either upon hearing Chudelkin’s utterly vicious spiel.
The grinding of Alice’s clenched teeth rang out again, but she
questioned the chief elder without losing her self-control.
“There was something strange in what you’ve just said.

Forced synthesis, was it? Wouldn’t that imply there were some

who went through the Synthesis Ritual on their own free will?”
The chief elder narrowed his two eyes to lines at that and

briefly laughed.

273

Sword Art Online 13 - Alicization Dividing

Chapter 11 – The Secret of The Chamber of Elders

“Ho-ho, what good ears you have. There are, you know? Six

years ago, you refused to chant that secret art needed for the
usual synthesis so stubbornlyy. ‘My sacred task is still in my
real village, I have no need to listen to your orders!’ and the
like; and you said it with such contemptt!”

It seemed exactly like what Alice would say as a child—I

utterly agreed though I didn’t know the girl back then at all.

Perhaps remembering that as well, the chief elder spat out with
his lips curled in annoyance.

“You were such a shitty, impertinent brat back thenn. I even

thought about asking Her Eminence, the highest minister, to

awakenn, but I couldn’t very well do that before finishing the

preparations for the ritual, you seee. Thus, I had no choice at all,
but to withdraw the automated elders from their duties for the
time being to yank open those walls that protected all of those

that were oh-so-very precious to youu. Well, I did get my fill of
amusement thanks to that show you put up, thoughh! Hohii,
hoh-ho—!”

His shrill guffaws ceased the moment the Fragrant Olive

Sword’s tip got within a centimeter close. However, a grin
remained in his eyes and lips.

The glib words spilling from Chudelkin included several

valuable pieces of information. I did want to hear his answers
on various issues if only Alice could restrain herself, but still,

this felt off. Why had this jester been talking about the secrets
274

Sword Art Online 13 - Alicization Dividing

Chapter 11 – The Secret of The Chamber of Elders

so vital to the church without restraint? He should have cut

down on provocations towards Alice if he wanted his life spared
and it didn’t seem like he was waiting for a chance to
counterattack either.

I gathered my thoughts in silence; as though I didn’t register

in his eyes at all, Chudelkin resumed his reminiscing.

“The first phase of the forced synthesis ended and you were

carried to Her Eminence, the highest minister, by no other by

me, as I will proudly admitt. Regrettably, I couldn’t watch what
happened nextt, but in the end, the ritual completed and you

awoke as an integrity knight, convinced that you were a herald
of the gods, sent down from the Celestial World, you knoww?
Just like every single one of the other knightss. I almost tore

open my stomach, laughing when I heard you silly knights go on
and on about the Celestial World…”

I noticed Chudelkin’s eyes swaying as he quickly spoke

without stop, suspended in the air. As though he was waiting

for something. In other words, this guy’s long story was just to
buy time by binding us in this room…?

I tried to call out to Alice to tell her so, but the knight opened

her mouth a moment earlier. Her voice, colder than the cold air
filling that large bath, streamed into the gilded room.

“Chief Elder Chudelkin, I thought you might have been a poor

jester who had his life toyed with by the highest minister,
275

Sword Art Online 13 - Alicization Dividing

Chapter 11 – The Secret of The Chamber of Elders

Administrator; a victim like the integrity knights. But even if

that was true, it appears you had your fill of fun from your own
circumstances. I suppose you have no lingering regrets, then.
These stories are starting to bore me.”

The tip of the Fragrant Olive Sword shifted and pressed

against the middle of the round, bulging jester costume—right
on the heart. The glittering material showed some final
resistance as it slightly sank in.

Chudelkin should reveal some new information now if his aim

was to buy time. Perhaps even Eugeo’s location.

My predictions were easily betrayed a second later.

The golden blade dug deep into the chief elder’s chest as he

stayed silent, his mouth left open in the midst of his words. His
narrow eyes opened wide and his jester costume of red and

blue strained as it swelled. Perhaps to avoid the spurting blood,
Alice swung her face away; it then happened.

Baan! That tremendous explosive noise roared out and

Chudelkin’s perfectly round body shot off like a balloon. A flood
of blood dyed Alice’s armor crimson—not.
“What…”
“Eh…!?”

276

Sword Art Online 13 - Alicization Dividing

Chapter 11 – The Secret of The Chamber of Elders

277

Sword Art Online 13 - Alicization Dividing

Chapter 11 – The Secret of The Chamber of Elders

Both Alice and I let out cries of surprise. What spurted out

wasn’t liquid but gas—fumes colored bright red. It soon spread
into the surroundings, shrouding the entire room of toys.

There were monsters with this special ability in Aincrad too.

Their skin swelled over their whole bodies and whenever they

were hit by anything aside from a blunt-type attack, they would
burst open and spew out a lot of smoke, their real selves
escaping somewhere in that opening.

Having refreshed my memories from back then, I instinctively

swung the sword in my right hand the moment I noticed a long,

thin shadow nimbly crossing past at a corner of my sight. I felt a
little resistance, but all that rolled to my feet from the smoke
was a familiar golden hat.

I stepped forward in pursuit, but the poisonous-looking

fumes assailed my throat with a pricky pain the moment I
breathed it in and drove me into a coughing fit.
“Chudelkin…!!”

Alice cried out with her left hand covering her mouth and

leapt out in pursuit of the shadow. Chudelkin had escaped not
towards the door connecting to the Chamber of Elders, but

deeper into the room. Thinking about how there shouldn’t be an
exit there, I held my breath and dashed forth as well, with a
lowered stance.

278

Sword Art Online 13 - Alicization Dividing

Chapter 11 – The Secret of The Chamber of Elders

However, what we saw beyond the smokescreen was the

golden drawers slid to the right and a hidden passage open

behind it. We peeked in, just in time to see a shadow of a round

head atop with a ridiculously lean body and limbs escaping with
agility.

“Hohii!! Hohi—hii-hii-hii-hii—!!:

The piercing laughter reached my ears as I continued

coughing.

“Arts aren’t all to a performance, you idiots! Ii—diots!! Go

ahead and come after mee, I’ll put my all into entertaining you
next timee, hoh—hoh, hoh——!!”

The laughter continued like a broken toy’s, alongside short,

quick footsteps.

279

Sword Art Online 13 - Alicization Dividing

4

Chapter 11 – The Secret of The Chamber of Elders

Alice and I had stopped for a mere five seconds.

We exchanged glances and I took the lead, plunging into the

narrow passage. Fortunately, there didn’t seem to be anything
poison in the red fumes I inhaled a little of—though that was

based on the reasoning that Chudelkin wouldn’t have done too

well with poison in his clothes—and the coughing settled down
in time too.

The hidden passage fitted Chudelkin and we would knock our

heads on the ceiling if we didn’t stoop. The scratching sounds

coming from behind every now and then must be the sound of

Alice’s shoulder armor scrapping the walls. I, too, continued to
run in a rigid posture while the sheath of the Blue Rose Sword
hanging off the right of my waist banged into the wall.

Ascending stairs came into sight at the front before long, so

we stood still for a moment before jumping on after confirming

there weren’t any signs of an ambush. Chudelkin’s footsteps had
already vanished and nothing but cold air flowed from our
gloomy path.

The stairs were far longer than expected, taking up practically

three of the cathedral’s floors. Judging from the height of the
ceiling, I believe the Chamber of Elders, where those who

Chudelkin described as «automated elders» were housed, made
280

Sword Art Online 13 - Alicization Dividing

Chapter 11 – The Secret of The Chamber of Elders

up floors ninety-six to ninety-eight, so the ninety-ninth floor
would likely be at the end of these stairs.

The battle against the Axiom Church that started from the

underground jail—along with the two-year journey Eugeo and I
went on that started from Rulid Village would end in another

two floors. My partner wasn’t by my side right now, but I should
be able to reunite with him in the highest minister’s room if

Knight Commander Bercouli’s words prove true. I will return

his Blue Rose Sword to him and the three of us, including Alice,
will defeat Chudelkin and the highest minister. And after
that……

I lightly shook my head and focused on the faint lighting

visible at the end of the stairs. I had all the time to think about
what would happen next after everything was over. Now was
the time to concentrate on the final battle.

It was when I focused my mind, almost slipping away to the

past and future, back to the present, that I faintly heard the
chief elder’s shrill voice from our path.
“System caaaaall! Generaaate…”

A chant for an elemental art. My wariness spiked, but we

couldn’t stop here. The illumination from in front rapidly closed
in.

“…We’re nearly at the end of the stairs!”

I curtly replied when Alice cried out a warning from behind.
281

Sword Art Online 13 - Alicization Dividing

Chapter 11 – The Secret of The Chamber of Elders

“Watch out for an ambush by sacred arts!”
“Got it!”

Nodding, I braced my black sword in front as I ran. Magic was

handy for surprise attacks in this world whereelements could be
prepared and maintained. By generating a thermal element and

changing its form, then standing by, it could be discharged like a
firearm the moment the enemy got within sight.

However, on the other hand, the firepower of arts was

determined solely by the number of elements consumed. A
single element used would basically result in the same

firepower, whether it was a student who just started studying

the sacred arts or a top-ranking art user who had trained for a

long time. Many elements could be manipulated with adequate

training, but each element required a finger to maintain, so the

limit at a single time was ten. My black sword with its nature of
absorbing energy could even guard against a concentrated
attack of ten thermal or cryogenic elements.

If Chudelkin was aiming for a surprise attack, it would be less

risky to burst out from the stairs than to cautiously reveal

myself. Having decided that, I sped up and dashed through the
few remaining meters, jumping up high after kicking off the
final step.

However, there were neither floods of flames nor downpours

of icicles. Spinning around horizontally in midair, I looked

around three hundred and sixty degrees, but neither Chudelkin
282

Sword Art Online 13 - Alicization Dividing

Chapter 11 – The Secret of The Chamber of Elders

nor anyone else was here. Landing on the marble floor, I

pricked up my ears while down on one knee. All I could was
Alice’s footsteps chasing after me.

Alice showed herself the moment I brought my body up. The

knight scanned through our surroundings like I did, then spoke
with a frown.

“I believe I heard chanting, but there isn’t anyone here, is

there… Did Chudelkin give up on a surprise attack and ran away
above… to the hundredth floor…?”

Following Alice’s lead in glancing towards the ceiling, I

muttered.

“But there’s just the highest minister’s room up there, right?

Even with his status, the chief elder can’t just enter without
permission, can he?”

“I doubt he can, but… in the first place, where are the stairs

leading up?”

I took another look around the circular room that was

probably the ninety-ninth floor as prompted.

Spacious. The diameter likely measured around thirty meters.

The floor, ceiling, and curving wall were all made from that

same marble I now felt used to, but there were surprisingly
little decorative features. There were just the large lamps

curling around the wall at most, but only four were lit at the

moment, so it was dim. Though that only made sense since the
283

Sword Art Online 13 - Alicization Dividing

Chapter 11 – The Secret of The Chamber of Elders

room was pure white all over and would become blinding if
they were all lit.

The stairs connected to Chudelkin’s room where we climbed

up from was wide open at the floor bordering the wall. It had a

marble flip-up door attached and would likely blend in perfectly
with the floor when closed.

In that case, there might be a pull-down door hiding the stairs

up somewhere in the ceiling. I tried searching for any cords or

handles with that in mind, but I couldn’t seem to see anything of
that sort. Guess I might as well hit the ceiling with a sword skill
now; that then happened while I was hardening my grip on the
sword in my right hand.
“……This room…”

Alice murmured all of a sudden. Turning around, I saw the

knight’s blue left eye opened slightly.
“What is it?”

“……I know this room. This is… where I woke up as an

integrity knight apprentice six years ago……”
“Eeh… you sure!?”

“Yes… All of the wall lamps were lit then… the room shone

radiantly with light… The esteemed highest minister stood in

the middle and talked to me as I laid down. Awaken, child of the
gods… she said…”

284

Sword Art Online 13 - Alicization Dividing

Chapter 11 – The Secret of The Chamber of Elders

Alice must have realized how her speech had gained a

respectful tone too. With a slight grimace, she continued with
more strength.

“…The esteemed highest minister gave me, who had lost my

previous memories, a false past and my mission as a knight,

then entrusted me to oji-sama… Knight Commander Bercouli.
There was a depression somewhere on the floor, like the

elevating disk constructed at the middle floors, that brought ojisama and me to the ninety-fifth floor back then. I have never
been here again since then.”

“A depression on the floor…?”

Inclining my head, I tried stomping on the marble floor with

the sole of my boots. But I only felt the firmness of thick stone.

It would be silly searching this vast room for a hidden elevator
and in the first place, we had no need for a method to go
downstairs.

“Alice, do you remember how Administrator returned to her

room at that time?”

The knight pondered over my question with a finger from her

left hand on her lips.

“I believe… that immediately before the elevating disk oji-

sama and I rode sank into the floor… the esteemed highest

minister look up at the ceiling… and a small elevating disk came
from above…”

285

Sword Art Online 13 - Alicization Dividing

“That’s it!”

Chapter 11 – The Secret of The Chamber of Elders

Shouting so, I stared a hole into the pure white ceiling once

more. Rather than a pull-down door, there was an elevator

hidden somewhere there. However, I couldn’t find anything like
a switch even with another sweep. There wasn’t anyone in

charge unlike the elevator connecting the fiftieth and eightieth
floors, so there must be some mechanism that automatically
raises or lowers it. And that something…

“Ah… maybe the chief elder’s chant earlier was…”
Alice also had a response for my murmuring.

“It wasn’t an offensive art for a surprise attack, but to move

an elevating disk…? In that case, Kirito, do you recall what
Chudelkin had recited after «generate»?”
“E-Erm…”

Feeling that I couldn’t give “I didn’t hear it” as an answer here,

I frantically replayed my memories from several minutes ago. If
I recall right, following the generate command, the chief elder’s
squeaky voice continued with—
“Lu… Lu-something, I think…”

Alice emitted a freezing cold gaze at me as I agonized to recall

the rest.

“That much is enough. The only one starting with ‘lu’ would

be the luminous element.”

286

Sword Art Online 13 - Alicization Dividing

Chapter 11 – The Secret of The Chamber of Elders

Not sparing me any further attention as I nodded in

agreement, Alice first returned the drawn sword in her right

hand to its scabbard, then held her ten lithe fingers up towards
the ceiling.

“System call! Generate luminous element!”

Amazingly, the number of luminous elements generated was

the theoretical limit of ten. Alice released the white points of

light wandering about her fingertips in a radial pattern without
modification. The luminous elements struck against various

spots on the ceiling, one after another, without making a sound.

One among them all let out a stronger radiance—a circle of light
with a diameter of around one meter appeared on the ceiling

while that thought crossed my mind. Its position wasn’t in the
middle, but rather close to the wall.

I moved beside Alice who had lowered her hands and warily

watched over the phenomenon. The circle of light immediately
faded but didn’t vanish, and eventually, outlined by the

boundary, a part of the marble ceiling smoothly protruded out
and gently descended. The slate with a thickness of over fifty

centimeters must be absurdly heavy, but it moved without any
hint of that. The luminous element must have only served as a
switch and the slate used some other source of energy for its

movement, I couldn’t tell how it had been constructed. It was

practically parallel to the various miracles the sage, Cardinal,

displayed in the Great Library Room… no, it must have been so.
287

Sword Art Online 13 - Alicization Dividing

Chapter 11 – The Secret of The Chamber of Elders

What powered this elevator must be just a mere part of the

unfathomable capabilities the highest minister, Administrator,
possessed.

The elevator—or elevating disk, as Alice called it, barely

jolted as landed upon the floor. Its surface was laid over with

bright red carpeting rather than bare marble, mildly gleaming

as bluish white light rained down from the circular hole in the
ceiling.

And the path to the top floor of the Central Cathedral was

now open.

The greatest and last battle will finally begin when Alice and I

step onto that elevating disk and arrive at the hundredth floor.
The initial plan was to stab Administrator with our secret

weapon, that dagger, while she slept and to leave the rest to

Cardinal. However, the highest minister must have awoken with
Chudelkin fleeing to the hundredth floor and in the first place, I
had already used up my dagger to save Deputy Knight
Commander Fanatio.

But fortunately, though I wonder if I could consider it so,

Knight Alice had consented to return her personality to the
original Alice. Hence, there was no longer any need for the

dagger Eugeo held to be used on Alice. We would first rescue

Eugeo who had been taken to the hundredth floor before us and
was likely still frozen, then stab Administrator with the dagger
288

Sword Art Online 13 - Alicization Dividing

Chapter 11 – The Secret of The Chamber of Elders

while she still had her guard down. We likely had no chance at
winning with any other strategy.

It appeared Alice had steeled own her will as well in the

meantime.

Exchanging looks, we nodded once, and spoke.
“…Let’s go.”

“Let us move.”

Thus, Integrity Knight Alice Synthesis Thirty and I, the expert

swordsman-in-training, Kirito, took a step towards the
elevating disk fifteen meters away.

One step, two, three—and it happened.

The pale blue light that was probably moonlight pouring

down from the hole in the ceiling abruptly darkened.

Glaring beams of bright light shone into my eyes as I stood

still and looked up at the hole. It was the moonlight reflected
from an elegantly designed metal armor. A long mantle

fluttered as someone slowly descended from the hole in the
ceiling, six meters high, covered from head to toe in heavy
armor.

Judging from the height, it couldn’t possibly be Chudelkin. I

wondered if the highest minister herself had bothered to come
down to the ninety-ninth floor, but that was a man’s physique.
With his face concealed due to the backlight.
289

Sword Art Online 13 - Alicization Dividing

Chapter 11 – The Secret of The Chamber of Elders

“There was still another integrity knight…?”
I muttered—

“That armor should… no, but still…”

And Alice whispered; the new knight landed upon the

elevating disk with a graceful metallic sound in the next

moment. Absorbing the impact by bending his knees, he gently
stood up.

The armor was silver with traces of blue. The surface that

seemed somewhat translucent gleamed brilliantly as it took in

the moonlight. The mantle was a rich blue and as far as I could
see, there weren’t any swords on his waist. His lowered face

was hidden by a large gorget, but his wavy hair was… a mellow
flaxen.

A shudder tore through my entire body like a bolt of lightning

in that instant.

That hair color. The color that always accompanied me

throughout these two years I spent in the Underworld.
No way. But still. Why?

In my vision, the knight finally raised his face as I stood still,

assailed by extreme confusion. Green eyes stared straight back

from beyond those somewhat downcast eyelids. I couldn’t deny
it any longer. The boy who wore the integrity knight armor
was……

290

Sword Art Online 13 - Alicization Dividing

“………Eugeo……”

Chapter 11 – The Secret of The Chamber of Elders

I called out his name in a barely audible gasp.

I couldn’t possibly mistake him, of all people, for anyone else.

The peerless friend and partner always with me ever since we

met in the forest south of Rulid. I could have only gotten this far

thanks to Eugeo’s presence by my side. There was absolutely no
chance I could mistake his face for anyone else.

However, the expression Eugeo’s eyes and mouth made as he

silently stood still was unfamiliar. No, that couldn’t be

considered as an expression. It was as inhuman as ice, colder
than what Alice had on when we first encountered her in the
Sword Mastery Academy’s large auditorium.
“Eugeo.”

I called out to him once again, at a reasonable volume this

time, somehow. However, the cold light that filled his two eyes
didn’t even waver slightly. Not that he ignored me. He was

currently sizing me up. Possibly… as an enemy to cut down.
“…It couldn’t be… it’s too fast.”

Alice abruptly murmured by my side and I asked imploringly

in return.

“What is… too fast…?”

“The completion of the ritual.”
291

Sword Art Online 13 - Alicization Dividing

Chapter 11 – The Secret of The Chamber of Elders

Sparing me a glance, the golden knight showed slight

hesitation before speaking out with resolve.

“Your partner… Eugeo had already went through synthesis.”
Synthesis—the ritual. Direct manipulation of the fluct light

only Administrator was capable of. Robbing one of one’s

memories and incorporating loyalty… to prepare one as an
integrity knight.

“…No way, that’s… but it took three days and three nights for

you…”

Alice calmly replied as I dismissing that thought, childishly

shaking my head.

“The chief elder had said that was because I refused to recite

the art necessary for it. In other words, the three-day ritual

wouldn’t be needed if one recited that art… But still, this is far
too fast. Only mere hours should have passed since Eugeo
fought against oji-sama…”

“That’s right… it’s not real, Eugeo couldn’t have just, so

easily…… This must be some sort of illusionary art or……”
My body haphazardly tried to walk forward, not even

conscious of what I was saying.

But Alice’s left hand firmly gripped my loosely hanging right

arm without warning. Accompanied by a voice at my ear.

292

Sword Art Online 13 - Alicization Dividing

Chapter 11 – The Secret of The Chamber of Elders

“Get a hold of yourself! You won’t be able to salvage anything

by breaking down now!”
“Sal… salvage…?”

“Yes! You said this yourself, that there is a way to give an

integrity knight back their original memories! By that logic, you
can return Eugeo back to normal too! We will have to get
through this situation somehow to do that!!”

A feverish strength of will flowed into me from the wrist

touching Alice’s palm as she continued her fierce rebukes,

breathing life into my chilly, numb body. I firmly renewed the
grip on my black sword that had apparently almost slipped
from my hand.

Yes—Alice was right. Eugeo’s memories and personality

definitely weren’t gone. They were simply denied from

surfacing due to an operation performed on a part of his fluct
light.

By taking back the «memory fragment» Administrator had

stolen from him and getting Cardinal to recombine them, Eugeo
would return to the gentle and easygoing swordsman I knew.

And for that, I needed to converse and to gather information. To
persuade the personality currently manipulating Eugeo and to
open a path… it might not even be impossible to gain his

cooperation. I got through to Knight Alice with words in the end,
despite how unapproachable she was.
293

Sword Art Online 13 - Alicization Dividing

Chapter 11 – The Secret of The Chamber of Elders

“…Please leave this to me.”

When I whispered so to Alice, still holding onto my right hand,

the knight showed a little hesitation before she nodded.

Releasing her hand, she quickly spoke while taking a step back.
“Understood. However, do not let your guard down. That

knight… is not the Eugeo you knew any longer.”
“Yeah.”

Alice silently widened our distance after I replied.

To be honest, no matter how strong Eugeo got after turning

into an integrity knight, rendering him powerless would likely
be easy with Alice’s armament full control art—transforming

the Fragrant Olive Sword into countless petals and enveloping
the enemy in a lethal storm. That was how overwhelming

Alice’s technique was. However, I would prefer that as the last
resort of last resorts, one used after all other means were

exhausted. I didn’t wish for harm to come to Eugeo’s body and

making two childhood friends, both with their memories sealed
away, fight each other would be too cruel.

I took a step forward and stared straight into Eugeo’s eyes,

the same old icy light still within them.
“Eugeo.”

My third call was neither jittery nor hoarse.
294

Sword Art Online 13 - Alicization Dividing

Chapter 11 – The Secret of The Chamber of Elders

“Do you recognize me? I’m Kirito… your partner. We’ve

always been together since we left Rulid two years ago, right?”
The boy wrapped in bluish silver armor kept his silence for

another few seconds, then finally opened his mouth.
“…I apologize, I don’t know you.”

Those were the first words from Knight Eugeo. The mellow

tone of voice was exactly as I recalled, but it was tinged with an
icy texture like his facial expression.

It appeared his memories before synthesis really were sealed

away, but there shouldn’t had been enough time to implant the
usual «summoned from the Celestial World» sort of false

memories. There was a huge blank in Eugeo’s self-awareness. If
I press that issue…
“But thanks.”

My eyes opened wide when Eugeo betrayed my expections

and continued. I asked, with more hope than sensible, in reply
to the sudden cordial words.
“…For what?”

However, Eugeo’s reply—

“For bringing my sword back to me.”
“Eh……”

295

Sword Art Online 13 - Alicization Dividing

Chapter 11 – The Secret of The Chamber of Elders

After spending a short while dumbfounded, I looked down at

the right of my waist. The sacred instrument, the Blue Rose

Sword, hung off there in its sheath of white leather. Looking up,
I asked again.

“What do you… plan to do with this sword?”

Those green eyes blinked and Eugeo spoke as though it was

only natural.

“To fight the two of you. That is what that person had wished

for.”

“………”

As expected—he had came down to this room to drive Alice

and me away. On instructions from «that person», the highest
minister, Administrator.

I stood my ground even as I felt my modest hopes going off in

the distance.

“Eugeo. do you plan on following someone’s instructions…

those of a person who you don’t even know, and fighting

without a proper reason? We aren’t your enemies. You’ve came

all this way to fight against the highest minister and rescue your
precious childhood…”

“I don’t care for a reason to fight.”

296

Sword Art Online 13 - Alicization Dividing

Chapter 11 – The Secret of The Chamber of Elders

Something akin to emotion emerged on Eugeo’s face for the

first time when he interrupted my words, disappearing
immediately after.

“That person had given me what I wanted. That is enough for

me.”

“What you wanted…? Is that more important than Alice?”

It seemed his pale face quivered with a trace of emotion the

instant he heard the name that should hold more significance to
him than anything else. However, that, too, was shrouded away
by cold ice.

“I don’t know. I don’t want to know. I don’t want to know

about you… or anyone else. I had enough already…… is just……”
After muttering in a voice so faint I couldn’t catch it, Eugeo

slowly got off the elevating disk and held out his right hand
towards me.

“I have nothing more to say to you. Let us fight… isn’t that

why the two of you are here?”

“……We aren’t here to fight with you, Eugeo. That’s why I

won’t return this sword.”

Saying so in a stifled voice, I switched my black sword to my

left hand and removed the Blue Rose Sword from my sword belt
with my right. With my sight fixed on Eugeo, I entrusted it to
Alice, standing behind, by—

297

Sword Art Online 13 - Alicization Dividing

Chapter 11 – The Secret of The Chamber of Elders

“You don’t have to hand it over.”

The white sheath was snatched away from my right hand the

moment I heard those words. Not by Alice. The sword glided
through the air like pulled by invisible strings and moved

towards Eugeo’s hands as he stood over ten meters away.
—Sacred arts!? Did I miss him chanting it…!?

I heard a crisp whispered from behind upon swallowing my

breath.

“The incarnation arm…!”

“What’s that supposed to…”

I asked with my sight kept forward and Alice quickly

explained.

“It’s a secret art handed by the integrity knights of old. To

move an object by neither sacred arts nor full control arts, but
by the power of one’s will… I heard there were only a few

people among the knights who could use it, aside from oji-sama.”
“So, that means you can’t use it either, Alice?”

“…I had practiced, but I can’t even move a pebble, let alone a

sacred instrument. It shouldn’t be the sort of art Eugeo could
acquire immediately after becoming a knight…”

The Blue Rose Sword was delivered to Eugeo’s right hand

even while Alice and I exchanged words, and he hung the
298

Sword Art Online 13 - Alicization Dividing

Chapter 11 – The Secret of The Chamber of Elders

sheath off his armor, on the left of his waist. He then gripped its

handle and drew it out without hesitation in the same motion. A
chill rose from its faintly translucent blade as white mist.

I had no choice but to switch my black sword back and to hold

it before myself.

Eugeo and I had faced off in this manner countlessly over

these two years. However, our hands had always held the

wooden swords for practice; the black sword and the Blue Rose
Sword never had a chance to confront each other.
Nevertheless—

So the time had finally come; such strong emotions surged

into my mind. Yes, I had the suspicion that this moment would
arrive since that day we set out from Rulid.

However, that comprised solely of our swords clashing in our

place. The conclusion of the said battle had yet to be decided. I
had no intention of letting anyone else determine the result—
not even the highest minister herself.
“Eugeo.”

I spoke out the last words I had for him.

“I guess you don’t remember, but I’m the one who taught you

how to fight with a sword. There’s no way I’m going to lose to
my pupil just yet.”

299

Sword Art Online 13 - Alicization Dividing

Chapter 11 – The Secret of The Chamber of Elders

But Eugeo’s mouth remained closed. Instead, the Blue Rose

Sword smoothly raised overhead and he shifted into a sword

skill activation stance. One-handed straight sword charging skill,
«Sonic Leap».

Feeling a little glad that he hadn’t forgotten his Aincrad-style

swordsmanship even if he had forgotten my name, I took up the
same stance.

The two swords released a vivid, light green glow.
And a second passed.

Both Eugeo and I kicked off the marble floor as one.
(To Be Continued)

300

Sword Art Online 13 - Alicization Dividing

Chapter 11 – The Secret of The Chamber of Elders

301

Sword Art Online 13 - Alicization Dividing

Afterword

Afterword

Kawahara here. Thank you very much for taking the time to
read “Sword Art Onine 13 Alicization Dividing”.

The Alicization that started from the 9th volume had already
sped on to its fifth volume, but with a boss-like person finally
making an appearance, I can breathe a… no, I suppose it’s not
time to relax yet, huh… Continuing on from the previous volume,
this 13th volume is basically about climbing up too. The kanji
used are “climbing up” for walls and “going up” for stairs; a real
strain for proofreading as the author! And my apologies for the
additional trouble, proofreader!
I digress. In any case, it’s not quite the last boss battle yet, but
Alice Synthesis Thirty-san, also the reason for the subtitle, is
finally featured as the third protagonist in this volume. Just how
would the girl confront the system that binds her and open a
path up to her fate of her choice… that would be the main theme
in the text, so I would be glad if you could cheer on both Kirito
and Eugeo.

And Eugeo-shi there had ended up class changing into an
advanced job right before the end… Whether Kirito would have
a chance at victory while he remains a swordsman, or if he
would have to undergo a class change as well; it just had to get
pushed onto the next volume after things got to that point, so
despite how often as this happens, I’m very sorry! Volume 14
would truly be the fight against the last boss, Administrator-san,
so please have a little more patience!
302

Sword Art Online 13 - Alicization Dividing

Afterword

…Or so I wrote, but I’m truly sorry to say that the next SAO is
planned to be the 2nd volume of Progressive. Kirito and Asuna,
left separated in the real world and Underworld in the
Alicization arc, would be joining together to clear Aincrad’s
third floor, so I hope for your support on that end as well.

And a little advertising here. I believe it would be mentioned on
the wrapper for this book as well, but a special program for the
television anime edition of SAO will be broadcasted at the end
of this year (2013). It would basically be a summary of the
Aincrad and Fairy Dance arcs televised in 2012, but there
should be a short, new segment as well. Kirito and the rest
would be moving on television screens again after a whole year,
so please, take a look.
To the illustrator, abec-san, the supervisor, Miki-san and
Tsuchiya-san, and everyone who had read this far, I apologize
for troubling you with the delays in my schedule which are
practically the norm now, and thank you very much. Let’s meet
again in the next book!
A Certain Day in June, 2013

303

Kawahara Reki

