1

2

3

4

5

6

Sword Art Online Volume 16 – Alicization Exploding
Chapter 18 – War of the Underworld

7

Sword Art Online Volume 16 – Alicization Exploding
Chapter 18 – War of the Underworld

Chapter 18
War of the Underworld
June ~ July AD 2026

Solus’s afterglow dyed the gate isolating the two worlds in the red
of blood.
«Great East Gate».
The humongous structure, built at the hands of gods, that isolated
the Human Empire and Dark Empire for over three hundred years
started crumbling away this very moment.
Tremors thundered throughout the world like roars from some
immense beast in the Great Gate’s death throes, the last of its
effectively infinite Life dripping away, while the five thousand in
the Human Empire Defense Army and fifty thousand in the
invading army watched on without a word. Those crossed from
the Human Empire’s central capital, Centoria, in the east to the
land of darkness’s imperial capital, Obsidia, in the west as distant,
ominous thunder, prompting all in the Underworld to peer up
towards the skies.
Seconds passed.
A crack streaked through the core of the over three hundred mel
tall Great Gate. White light gushed from within and scorched the
soldiers lined up on both the east and west.
The fissure branched out infinitely, reaching the ends of the Great
Gate in no time, as the white light chased after, spreading out like
a mesh. Giant words in the sacred script erupted among flames
upon the gate’s two sides next. There were merely two throughout
the vast battleground who understood the meaning behind the
words, [Final Tolerance Experiment].
It started just about as those words burnt out.
8

Sword Art Online Volume 16 – Alicization Exploding
Chapter 18 – War of the Underworld

The Great East Gate crumbled from the top, releasing flashes of
light that extended to the skies.

9

Sword Art Online Volume 16 – Alicization Exploding
Chapter 18 – War of the Underworld

1
“Uoohh…”
An excited voice escaped from Vassago Casals whose upper body
went over the command vehicle’s rails.
“This the «final load test»? It puts even Hollywood movies to
shame. Shouldn’t we be taking this videography technology
instead of the AI, bro? We would be billionaires in no time if we
start a VFX studio.”
Despite having his eyes glued to the great spectacle in the
distance, Gabriel Miller coolly pointed out upon hearing that.
“Unfortunately, this sight cannot be recorded onto any medium.
After all, it’s not polygons that form everything in this world. It’s a
grand show visible only to those connected to the STL.”
Half of the Great East Gate had already crumbled into countless
pieces of rubble. Though the noise and tremors were tremendous,
the massive rocks all melted into light right before they crashed
into the ground. Judging from that, it seemed the remains of the
gate would not end up as a barricade.
Gabriel stood from the throne installed on the command vehicle’s
roof with his jet-black fur mantle aflutter before walking towards
a large skull set up by one of the Ten Lords of the land of darkness,
the chief of the Dark Arts Users’ Guild, Dee Ai El.
The skull placed on a small table was apparently an artifact
capable of transmitting sound. She said that by speaking into this
master skull, his voice would be sent to the slave skulls in the
generals’ possession. Though inferior to the Stryker Command
Vehicle’s multi-channel transmission system, it was far more
effective than sending an army of messengers for every little
command.

10

Sword Art Online Volume 16 – Alicization Exploding
Chapter 18 – War of the Underworld

Looking down into the skull’s hollow eye sockets, Gabriel let out a
somber voice suited to his role as the «Dark Empire’s emperor
and Vector the god of darkness».
“Warriors of our land of darkness! The time you have await’d hath
arrived! Kill all who live! Pillage all without hesitation! ——
Trample upon them all!!”
War cries burst forth from all across the battle formations, their
volume exceeding the Great Gate’s collapse. The countless
machetes and pikes thrust upwards shone in the hue of blood
under the setting sun.
The first batch of the Dark Territory Army comprised five
thousand mountain goblins, five thousand plains goblins, two
thousand orcs, and a thousand giants for a total of thirteen
thousand units. He would first have them lead the charge and
observe the enemy army’s reaction.
Swiftly swinging his raised right hand down in front, Gabriel gave
his first command as a player in this war game.
“Group one—begin the assault!!”
***
The one who assumed command over the five thousand mountain
goblins on the right flank of the goblin force making up the first
group of the fifty thousand-strong invading army was its new
chief named Kosogi. He was one of the seven sons of the previous
chief, Hagashi, who incidentally died through the Dark General
Shasta’s rebellion drama.
Hagashi was extoled as the most cruel and greedy even among the
past chiefs. Not only did Kosogi inherit a strong tendency for that
disposition, he only concealed a high intelligence unbecoming of
goblins under his hideous face.

11

Sword Art Online Volume 16 – Alicization Exploding
Chapter 18 – War of the Underworld

Having reached twenty this year, Kosogi had been pondering over
why the goblins were regarded as the worst among the five races
of the land of darkness—the humans, the giants, the ogres, the
orcs, and the goblins—for over five years.
Certainly, the goblins were the smallest among the five races and
the weakest physically too. However, they once held numbers to
compensate for that disadvantage and in fact, they conducted
battles against the orcs and humans on equal terms during the
ancient «age of blood and iron».
When the races eventually ended their wars, exhausted, the goblin
chief, too, gained a seat in the Ten Lords Assembly, the highest
aggregation in the land of darkness, upon the conclusion of the
five races’ peace treaty. However, the treaty was, in reality, in no
way fair. Both the mountain and plains goblins were given no
more than the withered wastelands in the north as their dominion
and there was nowhere near enough agriculture or game to
preserve the Life of a whole race; their children constantly starved
and their elderly rapidly died.
In short, they were done in by the chiefs of the other races.
In order to curb the goblins’ greatest strength, their numbers, they
forced upon them a vast but infertile land. As such, the goblins had
to exhaust all ends to even survive to this current day and could
not further their civilization. Having maintained training
institutions for their children to practice like the black iums was
impossible; they were instead sent down rivers on boats in order
to reduce the mouths to feed. All while aware of the treatment
their children would receive in the lands of the other races when
they arrive.
If only they had fertile land and sufficient resources, their soldiers
would now hold not these machetes and plate armor casted from
crude iron but tempered steel equipment. They would have
amassed Life from ample food supplies and studied sword
techniques and tactics. They might have even acquired those dark
arts monopolized by the black iums eventually.
12

Sword Art Online Volume 16 – Alicization Exploding
Chapter 18 – War of the Underworld

If they had, no one would claim the goblins to be an inferior race.
Kosogi’s deceased father, Hagashi, was constantly haunted by his
anger and jealousy towards the black iums, but he lacked the
brains to think about what he could do about it. He possessed
wisdom enough only to hope to stay within Emperor Vector’s
thoughts through military exploits in this great war.
What foolishness. How could they hope to distinguish themselves
in battle? That was obvious with a look at the army’s arrangement.
It was likely suggested to the emperor by the chief of the Dark
Arts Users’ Guild. That woman must have forced the «honor as the
shock troops» upon the two goblin races to use and dispose of
them from the start. The goblins would charge in as the vanguards
and be promptly cut down by those devils of legend, the Human
Empire’s integrity knights, before incinerated by her as collateral
damage from the safe rear with the intention to rob them of their
merits.
—How could he let her?
However, that, in no way, meant that they could disobey their
orders. The descended Emperor Vector was not damaged by even
a hair after immersed in Dark General Shasta’s attack which
instantly annihilated the two goblin chiefs and the head of the
Assassins’ Guild. The emperor held absolute strength and the law
in the land of darkness decreed that the weak shall not disobey
the strong.
However, that black ium female was different. Kosogi was now
one of the ten lords, on equal footing as her. He had no duty to
obediently abide by her malicious schemes.
The order given to the goblins was truly simple. They would
penetrate in with a charge as the vanguard and annihilate the
enemy army.
That was all. There was nothing about maintaining the warfront
until the flames from the art users poured in from behind. They
had the allowance to outwit that woman.
13

Sword Art Online Volume 16 – Alicization Exploding
Chapter 18 – War of the Underworld

Kosogi secretly passed down a directive to his trusted
commanding officers right before the Great Gate crumbled.
The moment the slave skull given to him clicked into movement
and delivered the assault order from the emperor, he stuck his
hand under his armor and pulled out a small ball he prepared
prior. His commanding officers ought to be doing the same at that
time too.
The clump of rocks that was once the Great East Gate crumbled
completely with a roar and vanished as light.
He spotted multiple watch fires and the glint of dazzling weapons
and armor further into the valley that opened straight on.
That was the white iums’ defense army.
Beyond them were lands sufficiently filled with abundance,
endless resources, and manpower, enough for the mountain
goblins to regain their age of glory.
How could he become some discarded stone? He shall have the
plains goblins, cursed with a chief without brains yet again, and
the orcs, who were even stupider, play that role.
Kosogi gripped the ball firmly within his left hand and thrust up
the thick mountain knife in his right as he screamed in a deep
voice.
“All of you, stick together and come with me!! —Chargeeeee!!”
***
“First Unit, draw your swords and prepare to engage! Ascetics,
prepare your healing arts and incantations!”
Fanatio Synthesis Two’s proud voice pierced through the twilight,
in her role as the integrity knight serving as the deputy head for
the Human Empire Defense Army.
14

Sword Art Online Volume 16 – Alicization Exploding
Chapter 18 – War of the Underworld

Jyariin!! The chorus of swords slipping from their scabbards rang
through the valley. Their watch fires, whose numbers were
suppressed, imbued their steel blades with a red gleam.
A thunderous noise finally approached from beyond the collapsed
Great East Gate with the ground practically rumbling from it.
The goblins’ short pace. The orcs’ tepid pace. The giants’ footsteps,
which sounded like hammers slammed into the ground, mixed in
and overlapped atop their war cries. The howl of the massive
beast known as war yet unknown to all humans.
It took everything they had for the mere three hundred guards
lined up in defensive lines two hundred mel from the Great Gate
to stand their ground. It would not have been strange for their
files to collapse before even crossing swords once and to scatter in
confusion. This was the first experience all of those guards had in
a battle with their lives at stake, let alone with war.
What kept them standing at their post were the backs of three
integrity knights standing alone in intervals at the frontmost line.
In charge of holding the left flank was the «Frost Scale Whip»,
Eldrie Synthesis Thirty-one.
In the middle was the «Heaven Piercing Sword» who also served
as the force’s commander, Fanatio Synthesis Two.
And the right flank was protected by the «Conflagrant Flame
Bow», Deusolbert Synthesis Seven.
The three knights clad in full body armor which would glitter
beautifully even in the depths of darkness stood firmly on the
ground with each of their two feet and awaited the enemy troops
without even a twitch.
Fear and fright were present even within the knights’ chests. They
might have experience in real battles unlike the guards, but most
of those were no more than one-to-one combat with dark knights.
No one had experienced fighting against a force this massive: not
Deputy Knight Commander Fanatio, not even Integrity Knight
15

Sword Art Online Volume 16 – Alicization Exploding
Chapter 18 – War of the Underworld

Commander Bercouli Synthesis One who commanded the second
unit in the rear.
To top things off, the ruler of the Human Empire, the highest
minister of the Axiom Church, Administrator, was no more.
The absolute justice that served as the symbol of the church, too,
had long gone missing.
The knights stood on this battleground, trusting in their one last
belief. Ironically enough, it was one particular emotion that should
have been destroyed through the «Synthesis Ritual» once
performed on them.
Deusolbert Synthesis Seven awaited the enemy army with his
chest boldly puffed up while gently stroking the aged ring fitted on
the ring finger of his left hand, holding onto the Conflagrant Flame
Bow, with his right-hand fingers.
Ranking among the oldest integrity knights, he had protected the
order in the Human Empire’s northern region for over a hundred
years.
He drove away invaders from the Dark Territory in their attempts
to cross the mountain range at the edge, exterminated large
magical beasts within his base of operations, and occasionally
took in criminals who committed taboos. He had ceased thinking
about the reasons for his responsibilities since long ago. Believing
without doubt that he was a knight summoned from the Celestial
World, he held not even a drop of interest in the activities of the
humans living on the surface.
What confused Deusolbert at times were those mysterious dreams
that would pay him a visit at daybreak without fail.
A small hand so pale it seemed see-through. The light shining from
a simple silver ring on its ring finger.
That hand would stroke his hair, touch his cheeks, and softly
shake his shoulders.
16

Sword Art Online Volume 16 – Alicization Exploding
Chapter 18 – War of the Underworld

He would hear a gentle whisper.
—Wake up, dear. It’s morning…
Deusolbert told no one about those dreams. He thought the Chief
Elder would erase them with his arts upon hearing of them. He did
not want to lose those dreams. After all, the ring shining on that
small hand in his dreams had the same design as the one he had
on his left ring finger since he woke up as a knight.
Were those memories from the Celestial World? If he fulfilled his
mission as a knight in this lower realm and gained permission to
return above, could he meet with the owner of that hand and voice
once more?
Deusolbert hid that question—or hope—deep in his heart for the
longest time.
However, something happened during that severe shock sent
throughout the Central Cathedral half a year ago.
Deusolbert, who fought with the two youths rebelling against the
church, lost despite resorting to his armament full control art. The
black-haired youth, who broke through the Conflagrant Flame
Bow with a sword technique he witnessed for the first time, spoke
of something he found hard to believe.
The integrity knights were not summoned from the Celestial
World. They were mere common folk born in the Human Empire,
trained to become knights with their memories sealed.
The highest minister, Administrator, the supreme good, the
absolute order, and personification of perfect justice could not
possibly be involved in deceiving all of the knights. However,
those youths repelled Deputy Knight Commander Fanatio, Knight
Commander Bercouli, and Chief Elder Chudelkin, reached the top
floor of the Central Cathedral, and defeated even Administrator
herself. A party of mere rebels could not hold such might in their
swords.

17

Sword Art Online Volume 16 – Alicization Exploding
Chapter 18 – War of the Underworld

He frankly knew from the start, ever since he first fought them.
Their straight sword strokes possessed not even a trace of
falsehood or deception.
That then meant the owner of that small hand in his dreams, too,
was not from the Celestial World but a human born on the surface.
Deusolbert did something for the first time since he became a
knight the moment he realized that truth. He embraced the ring
on his left hand to his chest as tears flowed from his two eyes.
After all, unlike the integrity knights, the lives of the people in the
Human Empire were extinguished within seventy years at most.
In other words, Deusolbert understood he would never meet
again the one who called him, “dear”.
Yet still, he responded to Knight Commander Bercouli’s plea and
advanced onto where the decisive battle would take place.
To protect the world where he lived with the owner of that small
hand, regardless of how far in the past it was.
That was to say, what gave Integrity Knight Deusolbert Synthesis
Seven the strength to stand his ground without budging before the
great force from the land of darkness was the strength from that
one emotion he should have gotten rid of—«love».
And unknown to him, Knight Fanatio and Knight Eldrie, too, stood
there to fight alongside him for their respective loved ones.
Deusolbert separated his right hand from the ring and grasped
four steel arrows at once from the gigantic quiver set on the
ground by his side.
He arranged them carefully onto his divine instrument, the
Conflagrant Flame Bow, that he wielded horizontally.
He was nearly done with the incantation for his armament full
control art. Fanatio and Eldrie would still restrain from doing so,
but Deusolbert’s secret technique could not display its might
when it became a ruckus.
18

Sword Art Online Volume 16 – Alicization Exploding
Chapter 18 – War of the Underworld

With the resolve to expend half of his beloved bow’s Life, the
integrity knight sucked in a deep breath and uttered the final
phrase.
“Enhance armament!”
Crimson.
The humongous flames from the great copper bow dyed the
invaders who reached two hundred mel away in a brilliant red.
The four arrows nocked on the bowstring shone too, immersed
within deep crimson flames.
“—I am Integrity Knight Deusolbert Synthesis Seven! All who
stand before me, you shall burn away, leaving not even your
bones!!”
Though it did not remain within his own memories, he once
named himself similarly when taking in a single girl from a small
village in the northern region eight years ago. However, with his
thick steel mask now removed, his voice rang out, accentuated
and sonorous.
The knight’s fingers released the taut bowstring drawn to its limit.
Zudoo!! Four streaks of flames shot forth in a radial formation
with that roar.
The first victims of what would be later known as the «War of the
Underworld» were the plains goblin soldiers who charged in from
the left side of the valley.
The new chief of the plains goblins, Shibori, had neither wisdom
nor schemes on the level of the mountain goblins’ new chief,
Kosogi, and was a youth who could boast only about his
constitution and strength. As such, he went up against an integrity
knight, possessing overwhelming might even when alone,
absolutely unprepared and simply ordered his five thousand
soldiers into a tactless charge.
19

Sword Art Online Volume 16 – Alicization Exploding
Chapter 18 – War of the Underworld

Deusolbert’s four flame arrows pierced into the tightly packed
plains goblin army from the front, achieving their maximum
potential. A whole forty-two infantry goblins were instantly
incinerated in that first strike and sent the surrounding soldiers
into a fine disarray. However, as their charge was undisciplined
from the very start, most of the machete-wielding soldiers
thirsting for blood tread over their torched kindred and continued
their disordered rush, pushing their faltering comrades aside.
Deusolbert nocked another four arrows onto his Conflagrant
Flame Bow in response.
Instead of spreading out his range, he shot them while still
bundled up.
The grand, conflagrant spear impacted upon the direct middle of
their ranks and brought forth a tremendous explosion. Many
soldiers were blown away amidst the scattered shrill screams. The
casualties exceeded fifty, but still, the plains goblins charged on.
Naturally, they would. Two thousand orcs and a thousand giants
followed after the two goblin races who kept pace with each other
and stopping would be equivalent to getting stomped upon by
them, several times their size, moments after.
While the plains goblins lacked a tangible plan like the new chief
of the mountain goblins, Kosogi, they held anger and resentment
against the scorn and oppression they faced as the weakest race.
And that emotion was redirected towards their hatred towards
the people of the Human Empire, who would eventually become
slaves under them, named «white iums» in their tongue.
Raising the brusque battle axe he held with his two arms, far more
muscular than the average goblin, Chief Shibori let out a savage
scream.
“All of you! Kill that archer first! Surround him, cut him, smash
him!!”
“Orarara—!! Kill!! Kill!! Kill!!”
20

Sword Art Online Volume 16 – Alicization Exploding
Chapter 18 – War of the Underworld

That battle cry resounded throughout the five thousand soldiers.
Deusolbert took on the imposing anger and bloodthirst without a
word as he let loose his third volley of fire arrows. The number of
goblins charred to cinders exceeded fifty yet again, but the enemy
forces charged on.
He stored away the Conflagrant Flame Bow’s flames as the
distance between them reached fifty mel and switched over to
normal shooting. Taking steel arrows out from the quiver at a
ferocious pace, he fired blindly without any particular target. Each
arrow pierced through three goblins, or two at the very minimum.
Guards ran forward from Deusolbert’s sides with their swords
drawn.
“Protect Master Knight! Don’t let their blades reach him!!”
The one who yelled that was a young guard commander still at the
age of twenty or so. He put the large, two-handed sword, with
which he had went through intensive training, before himself.
However, its edge trembled, just a little.
Deusolbert thought to ask them to retreat and to not over-extend.
He held no confidence that the young guards could endure a real
battle awash with blood yet, in sprit, in technique, and in body,
despite experiencing the knights’ strict guidance.
However, he sucked his breath in before giving a deep shout
instead.
“My apologies. I’ll leave the left and right to you.”
“Leave it to us!!”
The guard commander showed a distinct grin.
Seconds passed.
And the shrill noise made when the plains goblin soldiers’
machetes collided with the longswords of the intercepting guards
rang out for the first time.
21

Sword Art Online Volume 16 – Alicization Exploding
Chapter 18 – War of the Underworld

***
Several seconds before that.
In the middle of the gorge, Deputy Knight Commander Fanatio
Synthesis Two was awaiting the enemy army in a posture that
could be considered only odd by the common knowledge in this
world.
She was standing with her feet far apart and the left of her body
forward. Her right hand, aligned to her shoulder’s height, was
gripping tightly onto the hilt of her divine instrument, the Heaven
Piercing Sword. However, her sword was held horizontally in a
reverse grip with its bottom end supported by her spaulder.
Meanwhile, her left hand was stretched out forward, her palm
supporting the Heaven Piercing Sword’s blade. If Gabriel or
Vassago were to witness this scene, they would likely come to the
same thought. Simply said—she was like a sniper with a rifle at
the ready.
That could be said to be true in a sense. Fanatio drew the rushing
enemy army in for as long as possible while scouting out the most
effective point.
Though Deusolbert’s Conflagrant Flame Bow could adjust the
broadness of its arrow firing, the Heaven Piercing Sword could
only shoot a single narrow beam of light. As such, naïvely firing it
into the massive enemy army would hardly do much.
She should aim for the commander somewhere within the enemy
army—any of the Dark Empire’s Ten Lords.
The Dark Territory led its forces through power and fear. The
average soldiers pledged absolute obedience towards their
commanders and they would fight on until their end as ordered
regardless of any development. But turning that around, it meant
they would lose all leadership with the defeat of their commander.
—We, too, were once so.
22

Sword Art Online Volume 16 – Alicization Exploding
Chapter 18 – War of the Underworld

Fanatio embraced that intense, fleeting thought.
The news that the highest minister, Administrator, had passed
away broke down the Order of the Integrity Knights in a single
night. It was Bercouli’s words that allowed the knights at the peak
of chaos to regain themselves.
—Was our mission, our purpose to live, to obey the highest
minister and chief elder’s orders?
—No. We live to protect those living in the Human Empire.
—As long as we have the intent to protect, we will remain knights
until we perish.
In reality, not all of the integrity knights had understood and
abided by the knight commander. The knights assembled on this
battlefield numbered less than twenty.
However, they all held the will to fight until the bitter end even if
they alone remained. The same likely went for the five thousand
guards who hastened here, this place of death. That was the
decisive difference between the Dark Territory forces and them.
Fanatio brought her bare face, stripped from its silver mask,
towards her cherished sword’s guard and caught firmly onto the
enemy army with her widened eyes.
The goblin unit charging in as the ground rumbled was already
narrowing the distance between them to a hundred mel.
Deusolbert had started his assault from her right with his
armament full control art and explosives flames lit up the twilight
in red twice or thrice.
It was in that brief radiance—
That Fanatio finally found her target.
Huge shadows in the middle chased after the goblin forces in the
advance party as though urging them on. They were the giants,
boasting bodies several times the size of humans’.

23

Sword Art Online Volume 16 – Alicization Exploding
Chapter 18 – War of the Underworld

The one leading them had a tremendous frame a head taller than
the rest; he was unmistakably Sigrosig, one of the Ten Lords, a
chief she had caught sight of once before.
The giants were a proud, or perhaps terribly haughty, race. They
measured superiority based only by the size of their bodies, and it
seemed that inside, they looked down even on the true rulers of
the land of darkness, the dark skinned humans.
That meant taking down the tribe’s leader with a single strike
before the war truly began would cause a great disturbance
indeed.
Fanatio took in a deep breath, held it, and whispered.
“Enhance armament.”
White light, bright as Solus, engulfed the Heaven Piercing Sword’s
blade as a low noise vibrated.
She accurately seized, with the path its keen edge traced, Sigrosig
who ran in from that distant point and shouted out sharply.
“Pierce through—light!!”
Zubaaaa!! The air shook as a dazzling heat ray converged from the
might of Solus penetrated through the battlefield.

24

Sword Art Online Volume 16 – Alicization Exploding
Chapter 18 – War of the Underworld

25

Sword Art Online Volume 16 – Alicization Exploding
Chapter 18 – War of the Underworld

***
“…It began…”
Integrity Knight Renri Synthesis Twenty-seven listened to the
continuing sounds of explosions from far away while murmuring
so with a sigh.
Renri was one of the seven high ranking knights charged with the
duty of defending the Human Empire. In other words, he could be
said to personally hold more than just a little of the defense
army’s entire war ability.
However, he now crouched, hugging his knees, not at the front of
the Defense Army Second Unit’s left flank where he originally was
but far behind, in a corner of the dim tent used for stores and
provisions.
He had fled.
After running away in the fluster several tens of minutes ago
immediately before the battle began, he snuck into an empty tent
and had been silencing his breath and pricking up his ears ever
since.
The reason he behaved so was based in that same motive he
participated in the defense army for.
A failure.
Judged so by the highest minister, Administrator, Renri had done
no work of significance as an integrity knight and spent a whole
five years in cryostasis. Despite throwing himself onto this
battlefield in order to overturn that dishonor, he had lost against
his fear in the very end.
Though the memories had been erased from him, Renri was once
a youth termed as a genius swordsman, unmatched by all, in the
Southacroith South Empire.

26

Sword Art Online Volume 16 – Alicization Exploding
Chapter 18 – War of the Underworld

Advancing to Central Capital Centoria at the young age of thirteen,
he brilliantly achieved victory in the Four Empires Unity
Tournament the following year and was promoted to an integrity
knight.
Even after losing all of his memories until then due to the
«Synthesis Ritual» and awakening as a knight, he displayed aweinspiring talent with the sword. Climbing up the ranks to become
a high ranking knight at an exceptional speed, he was personally
granted a divine instrument by the highest minister.
The treasured divine instruments in the Central Cathedral were
not bestowed by the highest minister’s or the knights’ whims. It
was, in fact, the opposite, with the divine instrument choosing its
user. Via a certain sort of resonance between the knight’s soul and
the divine instrument’s memories.
The resonance between Renri and his divine instrument, a pair of
throwing knives, the «Twin Edged Wings», was strong indeed.
However, unbelievably, he had never invoked it. He had never
invoked the proof of the high ranking knights, the armament full
control art, even once.
That was sufficient for the highest minister to lose her interest in
Renri. With Alice Synthesis Thirty becoming an integrity knight
after him, his meaning of existence was pushed further into
obscuration in light of her overwhelming talent.
It would have been unfair to lay that blame on Renri. After all,
Alice’s talent propelled her straight up to the third position in the
knight order and was worthy of the strongest and oldest divine
instrument, the «Fragrant Olive Sword». Still, Renri was branded
as a failure in reality and forced into a long slumber.
The moment he was turned into an ice sculpture by the chief
elder’s «deep freeze» art, what came into his mind was a crushing
sense of lacking.
He lacked something important to himself… that was why he
could not control the Twin Edged Wings despite their resonance.
27

Sword Art Online Volume 16 – Alicization Exploding
Chapter 18 – War of the Underworld

Renri woke once again after a long time had passed.
It was exactly amidst that rebellion incident that made the Central
Cathedral tremor. With the resident knights defeated, including
even Knight Commander Bercouli, and the fate of Alice, their
trump card, unclear, Chief Elder Chudelkin found it fit to have him
thawed.
However, Renri did not fulfil his duty this time as well. Chudelkin
and Highest Minister Administrator fell before he fully awakened
and all his eyes caught, upon him regaining his movement, was the
Order of the Integrity Knights in a state of utmost disorder.
The request to participate in the futile mission to face off against
the large-scale invasion from the land of darkness came from
Bercouli, who assumed command, in the highest minister’s stead.
Renri felt the high ranking knights who responded, such as
Fanatio, Deusolbert, or Alice, shone all the brighter despite having
experienced defeat.
He thought he might understand if he went with them. He thought
he might understand what he lacked. Why his divine instrument
would not answer to him.
Cowering in the corner of that hall, Renri timidly stood up and
raised his hand. Bercouli placed his large hand on Renri’s shoulder
with a firm nod and said only a single line to him. That he would
be counting on him.
Despite that.
The pressure he felt in his first battlefield, or his first actual battle,
rather, surpassed what he expected by far. The bloodthirst and
lust of the scrambling forces of darkness separated by a whole
thousand mel surged towards him as a scorched stench of steel
and Renri fled before he knew it.
—Stand. I have to return to my post. If I don’t fight now, I will
remain a failure forever.

28

Sword Art Online Volume 16 – Alicization Exploding
Chapter 18 – War of the Underworld

He must have rebuked himself so, time and time again, in the tent
he had snuck into.
However, heavy tremors and ferocious war cries reported the
start of the battle while his two hands still remained wrapped
about his knees.
“……It started……”
Renri murmured once more.
The pair of throwing knives equipped on both sides of his waist
seemed to waver as though condemning their master.
But he could not return now. What expression could he make to
stand before the knight commander and those guards who had
placed their trust in him once again?
—Nothing will change even if I’m there. A high ranking knight
incapable of the armament full control art would just be a bother
instead.
Thoughts that sounded like excuses went through his mind and he
buried his face deeper in between his knees.
It was then that a soft voice reached Renri from the tent’s
entrance, sending a jolt through his entire body.
“Tiezé, how about here?”
Renri cowered with fright, utterly unlike a knight, wondering if
they were searching for him, but heard another voice immediately
after. Both voices seem to belong to young girls.
“Yes, this tent looks like it’ll do, Ronye. Let’s hide senpai in here
and guard the entrance.”
***

29

Sword Art Online Volume 16 – Alicization Exploding
Chapter 18 – War of the Underworld

The giants’ chief, Sigrosig, was a legendary warrior with a bronze
beard and unkempt hair, a brawny appearance, and a stature the
size of a hill covered all over with countless gashes.
They, the giants, were the very ones with the purest interpretation
of the Dark Territory’s only law, «the strong shall rule». With each
of them sieved through every possible means of comparing their
might, skill, and guts for as far as they could remember, their
hierarchy was decided in a manner stricter than the Order of the
Dark Knights’. Though the giants’ domains were the high plains in
the west region of the Dark Territory, the various kinds of large
animals and magical beasts that ought to be spawning there in
abundance were constantly depleted. The giants had thoroughly
hunted them down as targets for their rites of passage.
Why did they go that far in their pursuit for strength?
If they had not, their souls, their «fluct lights», would break.
The four demi-human races in the Dark Territory were terribly
warped existences, with the «soul prototype» confined within
flesh not that of humans. A mental safety was necessary in order
to guard against the breakdown of one’s psyche.
For example, the goblins anchor themselves by converting the
inferiority complex towards humans, born from their small
stature, into the strength of their resentment and hatred.
The giants, on the other hand, hold back the distortion of them
being human yet not through developing a superiority complex
over humans.
Each and every giant would never lose against a human in oneversus-one combat at least. That served as the foundations of their
mentality, an absolute rule. That was especially why they imposed
such excessive rites of passage on their youth, pulling up each
individual’s priority even if it meant reducing their race’s
numbers.
As such—
30

Sword Art Online Volume 16 – Alicization Exploding
Chapter 18 – War of the Underworld

The thousand giant warriors called to this battlefield, contrary to
their taciturn nature, seethed with an intense will to fight. To
them, born into the times after the ancient «age of blood and
iron», this would be the first large-scale battle they experience.
The race’s chief, Sigrosig, thought in all seriousness.
That they would massacre the entire enemy army with the initial
charge and end the war.
They would grant no chance to step forward to those determined
by Emperor Vector as the army’s main force: the Order of the Dark
Knights, the Dark Arts Users’ Guild, and the Pugilists’ Guild. By
attaining victory without them, the giants would be validated as
the truly superior race.
When the slave skull given to him rattled its jaw, resounding the
emperor’s order to charge, Sigrosig felt the old scars carved all
over his body rise in heat. He thought it proof that might of those
innumerable large magical beasts he had torn apart with his bare
hands had transferred into him.
“—Trample them!!”
His thundering command consisted of a single line.
That was enough. Swinging up the gigantic warhammer in his
right hand and making the ground tremble alongside the reliable,
brave warriors around him, Sigrosig began his assault.
The soldiers of the Human Empire were packed tightly into the
valley in front.
To the three-and-a-half mel tall giants, they were weaklings not
much different from the goblins. The swords they wear were
smaller than even the teeth of a newborn rockscale dragon.
They would crush, punt, and tear apart every last one of them.
The circuit carrying Sigrosig’s superiority complex grew red hot
and scattered sparks of pleasure. His rectangular chin warped and
exposed a brutal smile.
31

Sword Art Online Volume 16 – Alicization Exploding
Chapter 18 – War of the Underworld

In that moment.
A foreign sensation that was, however, not all unfamiliar ran up
his spine.
Cold. Numbing. Like being pierced through with needles of ice.
He had tasted this sensation a long, long time ago. In the «Fledging
Valley» not far from his village. His first trial. When he went to
steal snapping birds’ eggs, in that moment the mother swooped
down from above…
Sigrosig continued his charge even as he widened his two eyes
and searched for the origin of that sensation.
He saw a small, small human at the front of the Human Empire
ranks, in the exact middle of the gorge. Long hair with a slender
body. A female—a knight adorned in glistening silver armor.
He saw a dragon knight of the Human Empire soaring beyond the
mountain range at the edge just once before. He had thought to
crush that knight upon landing, but the knight flew away into the
mountain range after circling two, three times in the sky.
That bunch was worthless.
Nonetheless. In that female knight’s black eyes.
Sigrosig vividly felt the gaze from the knight despite their distance
apart exceeding three hundred mel. The fear or fright, which
should have been present, were missing, making up less than even
a speck of salt would after falling in a large kettle of hot water.
Instead, it had the coolness of ascertaining and targeting one’s
prey.
…Hunt, him?
To hunt him, Sigrosig, the giants’ chief and thus, the mightiest
warrior among the Dark Empire’s five races?
“Hgg……”

32

Sword Art Online Volume 16 – Alicization Exploding
Chapter 18 – War of the Underworld

A shrill shriek, unsuited to his grim expression, leaked out from
the depths of his throat.
Strength left his two legs and the large hammer in his right hand
grew terribly heavy. Sigrosig’s posture crumbled as he stumbled
over.
An instant.
Zubaaa!! A ray of dazzling light shot out from the sword the
female knight propped up with that buzz unlike any sound he had
heard before. It stabbed through the right side of the chest of the
giant running right in front of Sigrosig without any resistance.
If Sigrosig had not tumbled, that light would have blown away his
heart next.
Instead, the white light vaporized part of the giant chief’s
disheveled red hair and his right ear decorated with his prey’s
teeth.
Piercing through another two of his allies running behind, it
dissipated into specks of light, leaving behind those fatal wounds.
Sigrosig’s consciousness could hardly register the three giants
who lost all of their Life in an instant and fell like logs. Even the
intense pain burning at the right of his head was stabbed like
some tiny insect before the humongous emotion assaulting him.
That was, in short, terror.
Sigrosig shamefully continued sitting on his backside as his jaw
chattered in his trembling.
Even when he witnessed the upheaval during Dark General
Shasta’s rebellion, while he was surprised, there was no fear. The
ones Shasta killed after turning into that black tornado were no
more than a feeble assassin and those goblins. Though he had to
admit Emperor Vector’s power, he had no issue there as he was no
human but a god of old.

33

Sword Art Online Volume 16 – Alicization Exploding
Chapter 18 – War of the Underworld

Yet why had that mere female knight inspired such fright in
himself?
Sigrosig could hardly bear to be paralyzed in fear from a mere
human as his opponent.
“No… No, no, no…”
Smoke rose from his burnt hair as the giant chief moaned.
Impossible. He could not be frightened. White fireworks shot off
deep in his mind as intense pain ran through it the harder he
fretted. His mouth and tongue convulsed rapidly, spewing out
uninterrupted words that came out as strange noises.
“Nononono, kill, kill, killkellkeldell, delldelldelldelldeldel.”
In this instant, the «core»—the self-image of himself as the
strongest—rooted firmly in the middle of Sigrosig’s fluct light
along with this «situation» where he was paralyzed in fear
induced unavoidable conflicts, bringing on the collapse of light
quantum circuits within his light cube.
The giant’s two eyes released crimson light.
“Dell, dell, de—————”
While the warriors of the giant race watched on in shock from all
around, Sigrosig sprang up with force.
Swinging about his gigantic warhammer as though it was a tiny
twig, he restarted his charge with tremendous vigor.
Sending those of the same race in front flying to the left and right,
he caught up with the vanguard goblin force before long. Moist
noises and shrill screams continuously welled up from his feet
upon him pushing on without any attempt to let down on his
momentum, but the giant no longer perceived those with his
consciousness breaking apart.
The command to kill that female knight alone resounded through
the core of his head like a broken bell.
34

Sword Art Online Volume 16 – Alicization Exploding
Chapter 18 – War of the Underworld

***
In the end, the chiefs of the plains goblins and of the giants
underestimated the existences known as integrity knights.
However, the chief of the mountain goblins, Kosogi, who led the
invading army’s vanguards’ right flank was different. He had paid
a high price to study the tremendous military might the integrity
knights possessed not long ago.
The excavation of the buried cave at the northern end of the
mountain range at the edge and the invasion of Rulid Village, by
that large force of goblins and orcs, were planned by Kosogi.
Though he stayed put at Obsidia Palace himself, he had granted
troops to three of his brothers whom he shared blood with,
instigated those of the orc race, and carried out the invasion
strategy.
However, it ended as a tragedy. The few soldiers who barely
escaped alive unanimously cried out unbelievable stories in front
of Kosogi who was astonished over the information that the force
was utterly annihilated, his brothers killed in battle.
According to them, the joint invasion force of over two hundred
goblins and orcs were made to flee by a single human knight and a
flying dragon.
However hard he found that to believe, Kosogi was no fool to
abandon for nothing a lesson learnt at the cost of many sacrifices.
He decided to never again commit the foolishness of challenging
the integrity knights of the Human Empire to a frontal assault.
However, in this particular major invasion, the role ordered of the
mountain goblins by Emperor Vector was precisely that.
The dark arts users’ chief, Dee Ai El must be well aware of those
dreadful integrity knights. That would be exactly why she offered
this strategy up to the emperor.

35

Sword Art Online Volume 16 – Alicization Exploding
Chapter 18 – War of the Underworld

To use up the goblins, orcs, and giants and create a disordered
melee in the valley before reducing them all to ashes along with
the integrity knights.
They could only obey while the emperor approved of Dee’s plan.
Kosogi racked his brains over three days and nights. How could he
carry out the order for a tactless charge while escaping from the
jaws of death formed by the integrity knights in front and the dark
arts users behind.
The intelligent scheme he finally worked out took the form of
those small grey balls distributed to his subordinates.
Having charged over the valley the moment the emperor issued
his order, Kosogi discovered a tall integrity knight clad in
glittering armor far in front.
Though that was not Alice Synthesis Thirty who destroyed the
invasion force in Rulid Village but her disciple, Eldrie Synthesis
Thirty-one, Kosogi could not distinguish between them. Either
way, they were demons scattering death without mercy to the
goblin race.
“Right… throw them!!”
Kosogi issued a new command the moment they arrived fifty mel
from the knights.
At the same time, he crushed firmly the small ball held in his own
left hand.
Small flames leaked out from the cracked ball with crackling
noises. Of course, it was no sort of gunpowder. Underworld, as it
currently was, had no objects on that level of civilization.
Simultaneously, it was no thermal element generated by arts.
Inserted within the balls were small beetles known as «Firestarter
Beetles» which lived solely at the volcano at the northern end of
the land of darkness, a holy ground for the mountain goblins. They
would scatter blazing hot flames and burn one’s hands if crushed
on accident.
36

Sword Art Online Volume 16 – Alicization Exploding
Chapter 18 – War of the Underworld

The grey ball enveloping the firestarter beetles were from the
north as well, it was formed by drying a kind of moss out in the
sun, kneading the powder made, and drying it once more. As it let
out a large quantity of smoke once ignited, it was originally used
as a signal. However, through the technique of concentrating like
the Assassins’ Guild, Kosogi had amplified the objects’ effect by
tens of times.
As a result—
The moss balls thrown by Kosogi and his subordinates as one
became what could be considered as impressive smoke grenades.
Ignited by the firestarter beetles, the balls spewed out dense
smoke that hid away even one’s own nose and shrouded the entire
northern half of the valley stretching out east and west.
Not even the goblins with their excellent night vision could fight
properly within this smoke.
However, Kosogi’s scheme was not to defeat the enemies by
slipping into the smoke. Immediately before diving into the dense
smokescreen, he shouted out his third command.
“All of you, ruuuunn!!”
Returning the mountain knife to his back at once, he landed both
hands onto the ground. With their small statures, goblins reached
no higher than humans’ knees when scrambling on all fours. The
smoke was faint closer to the ground with the enemy soldiers’
positions barely visible.
The five thousand mountain goblin soldiers with Kosogi, their
chief, completely ignored Eldrie and the guards and slipped past,
running on farther into the valley.
The emperor’s orders were merely to charge into the enemy army.
It did not specify which part to target. Kosogi set up a plan to pass
by the enemy’s main force, especially the integrity knights,
without engaging them and to assail their reinforcement units
behind.
37

Sword Art Online Volume 16 – Alicization Exploding
Chapter 18 – War of the Underworld

By sneaking in beyond the front lines, they would avoid the
combined attack from the dark arts users and orc archers that
would eventually rain down from behind. They would return
about and finish off the integrity knights and guards after the
flames and arrows deal them a devastating blow, or simply flee off
into the endless Human Empire otherwise.
Thus, among the three openings of hostilities in the hundred mel
wide valley, the north side alone advanced without bloodshed.
Just about as the second unit of guards in the Human Empire
Defense Army stationed behind Eldrie finally noticed the
disappearance of the high ranking integrity knight commanding
them, Renri Synthesis Twenty-seven.
***
The first casualty from the Defense Army was the elderly guard
struggling by Deusolbert’s immediate side at the right flank of
where the first unit held down the front line.
He did not manage to stop the hand axes thrown by the goblins
with his shield.
He was a lower noble that had long commanded a platoon in the
Wesdarath West Empire’s imperial guards. Though he certainly
had skill with the sword, he could not help but to approach the
undisputable descent of his Life and the axe that dug deep into his
wrinkled neck dealt him a completely fatal wound. Not even the
healing arts hurriedly recited by the ascetics party on standby
behind could make up for that damage.
Deusolbert had paused his random firing immediately and
performed a high ranking healing art on the fallen old guard.
However, the guard shook his head and shouted out while
vehemently vomiting blood.

38

Sword Art Online Volume 16 – Alicization Exploding
Chapter 18 – War of the Underworld

“You must not!! This is, truly, this old man’s sacred task and Life…
esteemed knight, I trust you… with our home……”
A moment later, the old guard passed away with what was left of
his life force released as space resources.
Deusolbert bit down hard and shot at the goblin who had hurled
that hand axe with the blaze from the Conflagrant Flame Bow
powered by the old guard’s life.
The guards of the Defense Army continued falling after that, too,
sporadically yet without end. Tens of those numbers among the
demi-humans lost their lives as well, obeying the command for
their ruthless charge to the very end.
Much of the flood of Life resources dispersed throughout the
battlefield rose as specks of light—
Far, into the skies above the gorge.
Where a single flying dragon hovered under the cover of night.
Spiraling as they coalesced towards the integrity knight, clad in
golden armor, standing atop its back.
***
He had neither the time nor space to hide himself.
Renri curled up his back within the darkness in a corner of the
supplies tent and awaited the approaching silhouette with his
arms around his knees.
The round hole for sunlight faintly shone upon girls who seemed
to be fifteen or sixteen years old. One had vivid red hair while the
other’s hair was a deep brown. They wore light armor above the
grey tunic and skirt that appeared part of some academy’s
uniform. Slender, straight swords hung at the left of their waists.
39

Sword Art Online Volume 16 – Alicization Exploding
Chapter 18 – War of the Underworld

He held no recollection of their faces, but they were likely guards
from the common folk rather than knights, judging from their
equipment grade.
What seemed out of place was the metallic chair pushed by the
dark brown haired girl. A black-haired youth sat upon the chair,
furnished with four wheels instead of legs, with his head hung
down. Renri’s eyes were drawn towards his face.
Approximately twenty? Not only was his frame horribly thin, his
right arm was also missing from where his shoulder ended. He
could only consider him weaker than the girls from a single
glance. However, Renri understood at once that the two
longswords held tightly by the young man’s left arm—
commanding tremendous presence despite their sheaths—were
divine instruments, possibly ranked higher than the Twin Edged
Wings.
How could it be? Even if he ignored how he was sanctioned to own
those, it still required physical strength on the level of integrity
knights to have them on one’s lap like that. However, the youth
who blankly stared into space could hardly possess such strength.
He thought to that point before it seemed the girls noticed Renri
cowering in the darkness, freezing up after drawing sharp breaths.
It took surprisingly little time before the red-haired girl reached
out towards her sword’s grip with her right hand.
Renri spoke hoarsely before she drew.
“I’m not your enemy… sorry for frightening you. Mind if I stand?
I’ll show you my hands.”
“…Go on.”
Waiting until the girl stiffly responded, Renri gently rose. After
taking one, two steps forward with both hands raised, the
afterglow from the roof’s hole lit up his armor of the highest grade
an the divine instrument on both sides of his waist. The girl curtly
gulped and straightened up in a hurry.
40

Sword Art Online Volume 16 – Alicization Exploding
Chapter 18 – War of the Underworld

Their right hands left the sword handle and chair, and formed a
sign of respect before their left breasts.
“Es… esteemed knight! We are terribly sorry!”
Renri shook his head and interrupted the red-haired girl who
continued her apologies with a pale face.
“No… it was my fault for startling you. Besides, I’m… no longer an
integrity knight…”
Though the latter half barely even made it as a whisper, the girls
blinked with puzzled looks. Their confusion came as no surprise.
The white mantle hanging around his back and the cross joined
with a ring, the Axiom Church’s crest, shining in the middle of his
breastplate served as definite proof of his status as an integrity
knight.
Renri placed his right fingers at the crest, as though to hide it
while exposing the truth with his twisted mouth in selfdepreciation.
“I left my station and fled earlier. The fighting had already begun
at the frontmost line. It must be chaos at the unit under my
command about now. There must be causalities too. And despite
that, I can’t move from here; how could I be considered a knight?”
He bit down hard on his lips while glancing upwards.
He saw himself in the widely opened eyes, in the colors of autumn,
belonging to the red-haired girl.
Grey hair hanging down slightly from the forehead. Those round
cheeks. And two feminine eyes with long lashes, lacking all
knightly fortitude— A failure of a knight, confined eternally at
fifteen years old.
It was when he quickly averted his eyes from those features he
despised.
The red-haired girl covered her mouth with a hand as though
assailed by some new cause for surprise.
41

Sword Art Online Volume 16 – Alicization Exploding
Chapter 18 – War of the Underworld

“……?”
Renri frowned in suspicion before the girl averted her eyes this
time and shook her head slightly.
“I-I’m sorry. It’s, nothing…”
Taking the place of the red-haired girl who continued looking
down, the girl with dark brown hair who kept silent until now
stepped forward and stated her name with a faint yet firm voice.
“We apologize for not introducing ourselves earlier. We belong to
the supply unit, I am Novice Trainee Ronye Arabel and this is
Novice Trainee Tiezé Shtolienen. And this is… Elite Swordsmanin-training Kirito.
«Kirito».
Renri let out a soft voice from the immense shock of hearing that
name.
He knew him. Was he not one of the mere two rebels who cut
through the Central Cathedral half a year ago? He was the very
one who Renri was thawed to intercept, the one who he missed
out on engaging due to his late awakening.
That meant this skinny swordsman was the one who defeated the
highest minister, Administrator? Was that missing right arm a
relic from battle?
Renri drew his right foot back, feeling a pressure that he could do
nothing about from the youth who kept quiet with a hollow
expression. Showing no sign she noticed that movement, the small
girl who seemed to be named Ronye continued in a tone tinged
with resolve.
“Erm… I have no opinion regarding your circumstances, esteemed
knight. While we do belong to the Defense Army, we, too, remain
here in the back without engaging at the front lines. …That said,
that is currently our responsibility. We are tasked to protect this
man at all cost from Knight Alice…”
42

Sword Art Online Volume 16 – Alicization Exploding
Chapter 18 – War of the Underworld

Alice. —Alice Synthesis Thirty.
The young prodigious knight, a stark contrast of Renri on all
fronts. She should be preparing for the Defense Army’s secret plan
even at the current moment, a large-scale art to halt the front lines
on her own.
As though cornering Renri, tormented by an emotion that made
him feel even smaller, Novice Trainee Arabel added to her words
with a desperate look.
“Esteemed knight, I do apologize if I am overstepping my bounds…
but could you possibly lend us a hand? To be honest, the two of us
can hardly even defeat a single goblin. We must… we must keep
Kirito-senpai safe!”
Renri squinted against the dazzling light in Ronye’s eyes.
He thought it a light that belonged only to those who had carved
their mission onto their heart, those determined to accomplish
their mission even if it meant casting their lives away.
—Where had I left mine behind, when even a novice trainee girl,
yet to graduate from school, has it? Or perhaps I had lacked mine
ever since I first woke up as an integrity knight in this Human
Empire…?
Renri heard a dry voice trickle from his own mouth.
“You should be fine here… I think. His Excellency, Knight
Commander Bercouli, is the one commanding the Defense Army
Second Unit and if anything gets past his guard, that’s equivalent
to the end of the Human World anyway. It’ll end up the same no
matter where you run. I plan to sit here until the battle ends. I
won’t get in your way if you intend to stay anywhere close…”
With his words fading off into his soundless breathing, Renri went
back, deeper into the tent, and sat down with a thud.
It was about then—

43

Sword Art Online Volume 16 – Alicization Exploding
Chapter 18 – War of the Underworld

That smoke shells thrown by Kosogi, the chief of the mountain
goblins, and the rest blew up at the left flank of the frontmost lines
where Integrity Knight Eldrie awaited. Taking advantage of the
dense, rising fumes, a flood of goblins began slipping past the
defense line like water through coarse fabric.
Neither Renri nor two female novice trainees could have possibly
known that their aim was precisely the annihilation of the supply
unit at the Human Empire Defense Army’s rearmost.
***
The progression towards destruction advanced rapidly for the
collection of light quantums that made up that soul, that fluct light,
belonging to Sigrosig, the chief of the giants.
However, as the collapse caused heavy damage only to certain
parts rather than it as a whole, there was a delay before his fluct
light ceased functioning. On the other hand, that phenomenon
induced a particular «side effect».
With the hatred and bloodthirst Sigrosig had directed towards the
humans for decades released all at once, they overflowed from his
fluct light and reached even the light cube storing Deputy Knight
Commander Fanatio’s soul through the «Main Visualizer»
regulating the Light Cube Cluster.
Direct control of phenomena via imagination. The power termed
«incarnation» by the integrity knights robbed the freedom of
movement from Fanatio’s body despite her lengthy experience.
Charging forth with his humongous frame of almost four mel with
terrible vigor, the giant chief swung the large hammer held in his
right hand up high.
—Why won’t they move!?

44

Sword Art Online Volume 16 – Alicization Exploding
Chapter 18 – War of the Underworld

Fanatio thought to beat some sense into her two legs that refused
to listen to her, but she could not even ball her hands into fists to
do so.
Even with the giant chief as her opponent, the deputy commander
of the Order of the Integrity Knights would never freeze up with a
mere glare.
She told herself so, but still, her body seemed frozen in her
shooting stance with her right knee on the ground.
During a bout with Knight Commander Bercouli, she could not
gain any ground with her sword prepared—she went through
such an experience. However, this was utterly different from that
heavy yet somehow tender presence that emanated from the
knight commander and enveloped her. Pain, like leather belts
covered in iron thorns wrapped over her one after another,
tormented her entire being.
The giant chief, Sigrosig, bellowed out a strange yell as he kicked
the goblins and orcs who should have been his allies aside and
charged closer. Cutting the distance down below fifteen mel.
He would be no challenge in a one-versus-one; that was how it
should have been.
Among the ten lords in the Dark Empire, Fanatio acknowledged
only the might of the leader of the Order of the Dark Knights,
Shasta. In a prior bout, her helmet unfortunately cracked at the
end of an intense battle exceeding thirty minutes and she tasted
humiliation when Shasta drew his sword back after seeing
Fanatio’s bare face.
However, she never considered defeat even at that time. She was
under a strict restriction from Bercouli regarding the usage of the
armament full control art when fighting against dark knights.
Hence, she should not be falling behind anyone else. The very
thought of freezing up from a mere glare was preposterous.
That said, the phenomenon that exceeded Fanatio’s understanding
was drawing closer before her eyes, moment by moment.
45

Sword Art Online Volume 16 – Alicization Exploding
Chapter 18 – War of the Underworld

It would not even take ten seconds before that gigantic iron
hammer swings down upon her. She had to stand up and fix her
sword stance at once. If she could intercept it with a slash, the
Heaven Piercing Sword, a distinguished divine instrument, would
never lose to that coarse iron hammer on Sigrosig.
Despite that, she could not stand. Unseen shackles bound Fanatio
and the giant chief, a dark red gleam seething in his two eyes,
approached before her eyes—
“Humankilldeldelde———
Spouting a scream that sounded no longer intelligible as his iron
hammer roared down.
——Your Excellency.
Fanatio quietly muttered with her immobilized mouth.
Dakira Synthesis Twenty-two, a low ranking knight, had offered
everything to a sole person ever since awakening as a knight..
Not to the ruler, the highest minister, Administrator. Neither was
it to the leader of the knight order, Bercouli.
It was to Deputy Commander Fanatio and no one else. Dakira was
strongly drawn by her relentless intensity and the anguish she
concealed.
That emotion could be no other than love, going by the Human
Empire’s standards.
However, Dakira sealed all emotions away due to a variety of
reasons and served as a faceless and nameless member of the unit
directly under Fanatio, the «Four Oscillation Blades». Being by her
side alone made Dakira feel more fortunate than ever hoped for.
The Four Oscillation Blades were, by no means, some elite unit
among the low ranking knights.

46

Sword Art Online Volume 16 – Alicization Exploding
Chapter 18 – War of the Underworld

Fanatio had gathered those lacking power, judged to be at risk if
assigned to the front lines on their own, and had them learn
combination techniques to raise their survival rate, creating a socalled «unit of leftovers».
As such, they garnered low evaluations from the highest minister
and chief elder, and in actual fact, they, the Four Oscillation
Blades, all committed the heavy blunder of suffering heavy
injuries against the two student swordsmen from the common
folk in that rebellion half a year ago. But what hurt Dakira much
more was how they failed to protect Fanatio. The time spent on
the bed in the ward was filled with incessant thoughts of how it
would have been better to die back then.
However, Fanatio spoke kindly instead of harshly towards Dakira
after the injuries healed.
With the silver mask that she had never taken off in public
removed, the deputy knight commander showed a beautiful smile
and slapped all four of their shoulders in turn as she spoke.
—I, too, was saved by the rebels right before my death.
Gentlemen, you have nothing to be ashamed of. Rather, that was a
good fight. I had never seen a finer coordination of the «Encircling
Bladed Oscillation Dance».
Dakira’s mind was made up, then, as tears ran under that helmet.
To not allow any harm to befall the venerated deputy knight
commander the next time.
And this was that very «next time».
Regardless of the orders to stay stationed until further commands,
Dakira leapt out from the ranks the instant upon feeling
abnormality in Fanatio’s state.
There were over twenty mel until Fanatio, on her knee, and the
giant chief swinging a humongous iron hammer down onto her
from overhead.

47

Sword Art Online Volume 16 – Alicization Exploding
Chapter 18 – War of the Underworld

Covering that distance in time was not viable with the physical
ability of a low ranking knight. However, Dakira dashed on as a
blurred streak of light and jumped before Fanatio, intercepting the
iron hammer roaring down with a two-handed greatsword.
The resultant noise, shaking the earth, flared out alongside a flash
tinged with red.
Though Dakira’s greatsword was far sharper than the guards’
weapons could hope to be, it could not compare to the high
ranking knights’ divine instruments in terms of priority. On the
other hand, Sigrosig’s iron hammer had its priority raised to a
terrible level through the «power of incarnation from bloodthirst»
streaming into it.
The skirmish collapsed in a mere half-second and numerous
cracks ran through the greatsword’s blade. It took another instant
before the sword shattered into fleeting shafts of light. Dakira
threw the handle away at once and intercepted the falling
humongous iron hammer with bare hands.
Multiple dull noises echoing throughout the body.
Both arms breaking in numerous places from the wrist to the
upper arm.
Vision hurling into whiteness from pain. Fresh blood spurting
from between armor joints, staining the helmet’s surface.
“Ku… hh… oooh!!”
With teeth clenched, Dakira molded the scream struggling to
escape into strength and caught the iron hammer, beyond those
two hands’ capacity to support, from below with that helmet.
The steel crossed mask shattered without resistance and
unpleasant noises could be heard coming from Dakira’s neck,
back, and two knees. The pain surging throughout as scorching
flames dipped everything visible into a deep crimson.
However, the lower ranking knight, Dakira Synthesis Twenty-two,
did not fall.
48

Sword Art Online Volume 16 – Alicization Exploding
Chapter 18 – War of the Underworld

Fanatio was right behind. This detestable weapon must not be
swung down.
—I will protect her. This time, for sure.
“E…. eaaaaaahh!!”
A shrill yell rang out from Dakira’s throat, freed from the crossed
mask’s voice morphing function.
The blood dripping from the injuries all over enveloped Dakira as
bluish-white flames.
Gathering at those broken arms, the flames burst as dazzling
explosions. The iron hammer shot back, blown over ten mel away
accompanied by Sigrosig’s huge frame.
Dakira slowly collapsed while listening to the heavy quake from
the giant falling.
“…Dakira!!”
A shout, almost a scream, shot in from point-blank range.
—Aah, Fanatio-sama called out my name.
—How many years has it been?
Dakira smiled while crumbling into the arms extended from the
deputy knight commander as her short, straw-colored pigtails and
freckled cheeks laid exposed with the loss of her helmet.
Dakira was born and raised in a small village beside the sea in
Southacroith South Empire. Her parents were poor, holding no
family name and fishing for a living, but the girl blessed with the
strength of a man grew up healthily while helping out with her
parents’ work.
That girl committed a taboo at the age of sixteen. She fell in love
with her close friend of the same gender who was a year older.
Of course, she never found it in herself to confess. Unable to deal
with her suffering, Dakira sought penance from Goddess Stacia in
an empty church altar late at night.
49

Sword Art Online Volume 16 – Alicization Exploding
Chapter 18 – War of the Underworld

However, as the altar was connected to the Central Cathedral’s
automated elders mechanism, Dakira was detected to have
violated a taboo and was brought to the Axiom Church, becoming
an integrity knight with all of her memories pilfered.
Though she could not remember her name any longer, the older
girl Dakira had loved resembled Deputy Knight Commander
Fanatio a little.
At peace, Dakira looked on with her dimly blurred vision as
Fanatio’s beautiful features crumpled and tears trickled from her
long eyelashes.
—The venerated deputy knight commander is crying for me.
She could think of nothing that could make her happier. She had
accomplished what she set out to do at the end of those long,
painful days and all that remained as death approached was
satisfaction.
“Dakira… don’t die!! I’ll tend to you this moment!!”
A heartrending voice rang out at her ears once more.
Dakira urged her broken left hand upwards with the last of her
strength and with her trembling fingertips, gently wiped away the
drops along Fanatio’s cheeks.
Grinning, Dakira formed those thoughts she had always kept
hidden deep in her chest into a whisper.
“Fanatio… sama… I shall… forever… adore… you……”
In that moment, Integrity Knight Dakira synthesis Twenty-two’s
Life reached its complete end.
The first fatality from the knight order lowered her eyelids for all
eternity.
What——What had I been doing?!!

50

Sword Art Online Volume 16 – Alicization Exploding
Chapter 18 – War of the Underworld

Fanatio screamed in her chest as she hugged the small body
covered in wounds tightly.
The giant chief, Sigrosig, who tried to stand up was reflected
within her vision warped with tears along with the remaining
three members of the «Four Oscillation Blades» fiercely charging
forward in response.
Dakira. Jeis. Hobren. Giro. She had placed them directly under her
to train them up and to protect them. Though she gave them only
strict words, they were her cherished younger siblings. Despite
that, she was protected instead, with one of their lives even
sacrificed—
“……Unforgivable!!”
That word was directed at Sigrosig as well as her own self.
She would allow no more casualties. She would protect those
three to the end, for Dakira’s sake as well.
That resolve became a «power of incarnation from love» and
radiated from Fanatio’s soul with an intensity surpassing the
abnormal bloodthirst seething from Sigrosig.
The icy thorns, binding her entire body, thawed in an instant.
Laying down Dakira’s corpse, Fanatio stood up straight as the
Heaven Piercing Sword noiselessly floated from the ground into
her right hand.
Before her was the scene of Jeis, Hobren, and Giro knocked away
with a single swipe of Sigrosig’s left arm after they leapt forward
with their greatswords raised.
The crimson light residing within the giant’s two eyes seemed of
the flames in the demon world far under the earth. Even the
surrounding goblins and orc soldiers had ceased their approach,
seemingly afraid.
“Kee… keel… Keelllll!!”

51

Sword Art Online Volume 16 – Alicization Exploding
Chapter 18 – War of the Underworld

An abnormal scream roared from the giant who sluggishly stood
up. However, there was no longer even a smidgen of surprise or
fear within Fanatio’s chest.
Smoothly pointed straight towards the sky by her right hand, the
Heaven Piercing Sword—
Gained a coating of pure white light with a dull rumble. That
dazzling radiance stretched on for over five mel from the sword’s
tip and remained as such.
“Humankeeeelllll——!!”
Swinging the iron hammer with both hands, Sigrosig jumped at
Fanatio.
“…Return, unto the earth.”
Fanatio carelessly swung down with that murmur. Having
extended several times its previous length, the blade of light drew
a white streak through the air as it struck the iron hammer’s blunt
surface.
A crisp noise echoed with the gigantic weapon dividing into two.
Burnt red from the cross section, the melted iron splashed all
over.
The huge sword of light came into contact with Sigrosig’s head
just like that—slicing down into the ground without its
momentum even waning.
The giants behind and the guards of the Human Empire descended
into silence at that scene; the legendary warrior, boasting of the
world’s largest body, was severed into halves while still airborne.
Fanatio raised the blade of light over her head with a satisfying
sound from the two lumps of flesh, falling with a damp noise, and
shouted out loud.
“First Unit, middle, forward!! Repel the enemies!!”

52

Sword Art Online Volume 16 – Alicization Exploding
Chapter 18 – War of the Underworld

***
The waves of attacks from the never-ending stream of plains
goblins sank Deusolbert into impatience.
There was no chance he would be defeated or even challenged by
some average goblin soldier in one-versus-one combat, no matter
how many times that was repeated. The mountain of corpses
burnt by the flames from the arrows he shot earlier served as
actual proof of that.
However, he could not take on all of the enemy troops alone as
they came as a wide, horizontal wave. He could only leave most of
those on the sides to the guards from the Defense Army.
In terms of individual expertise, the guards surpassed the enemy
troops by a significant gap. Their sword techniques, polished
through half a year of strict training, were certainly faster and
sharper than the goblins who relied on their strength in swinging
their machetes. But that strength difference was far less sure than
the overwhelming gap between an integrity knight and goblin
soldiers. It would be tough to overcome those numbers, several
times their own, with purely skill.
Deusolbert keenly felt the desire to share with all of the guards
the great strength his body was endowed with. But naturally,
there was no art capable of that.
The guards under him lost their lives one after another, one
jumped upon by multiple goblins, another collapsing from
exhaustion. Deusolbert felt as though his own Life was shaved
away each time he heard their shrieks echo through the
battlefield.
So this was «war»?
It was utterly different from the old fights: sweeping up intruders
on the ground while atop a flying dragon or a one-versus-one duel
with a dark knight. It was an ugly war of attrition with each
moment certain to add to the number of casualties.
53

Sword Art Online Volume 16 – Alicization Exploding
Chapter 18 – War of the Underworld

The pride of the integrity knights served no purpose on this
battlefield.
Was it not yet? Was the order for the unit to retreat not given yet?
Even the knowledge of how much time had passed since the start
of the battle escaped him. Deusolbert cut through the advancing
enemy soldiers with the longsword in his right hand and
randomly shot with the Conflagrant Flame Bow whenever he
could. With his calm lost without his notice, he failed to notice the
strange movements taken by a slice of the enemy troops.
The new chief of the plain goblins, Shibori, was far more of a fool
than the mountain goblins’ chief, Kosogi; the same went for his
cruel nature.
Shibori recognized the integrity knights leading the enemy troops
as no more than large magical beasts. He made light of them,
thinking that no matter how strong they were, they were just one
white ium on their own, doomed after being surrounded.
However, he found the integrity knights to be much more
troublesome than magical beasts after the fighting began, barely
slipping from their encirclements despite how many charged
forth. Ten would be blown away with the explosion from a single
fire arrow and even normal arrows flew true, to a horrifying
extent, towards their heads and hearts.
Now then, what to do?
The conclusion Shibori reached after some thinking could not
have been any more simple or cruel.
He would continue having his soldiers charge forward until the
enemy knight’s arrows ran out.
That said, the soldiers sent ahead without a plan were in no mood
to simply “go with it”, naturally enough. There was a fair amount
with intelligence surpassing Shibori and though they went with
his orders, they contrived whatever gimmicks they could.
54

Sword Art Online Volume 16 – Alicization Exploding
Chapter 18 – War of the Underworld

They began lifting up corpses from their fallen comrades and
hiding in their shadows or staying a fair distance from the knight
while strafing left and right.
Deusolbert should have seen through such a naive plan at once if
he had his usual temperament. However, the screams from the
guards whose strength left them shaved away at his calm without
his notice. The goblins benefited from how the war started at
evening as well.
The enemy was taking awfully long to fall.
By the time Deusolbert noticed that, his stock of more-thanenough iron arrows was nearly exhausted.
“Goood, good, looks like he’s finally out of arrows.”
Shibori scraped the nape of his neck with the backs of the two
machetes against his shoulders as he snickered.
The tragic display of the countless corpses of his race, too, failed to
instigate much influence on his mind. He inherited that tenacity
from his ancestors who had lived through the old «age of blood
and iron» which could have been no more appalling.
It appeared a whole third of his allies were done in, but there still
remained over three thousand soldiers. If they obtained plentiful
meat and land after invading the white iums’ lands, they could
replenish their race all they liked.
However, they had to produce significant results to expand their
territories. They would first have to take care of that integrity
knight in red armor.
“Alright, let’s go, all of you. Surround that archer and drag him
down. I’ll take his neck off myself.”

55

Sword Art Online Volume 16 – Alicization Exploding
Chapter 18 – War of the Underworld

Shibori instructed those forming a barricade around himself, his
close aides who were both brawny and boorish, and slowly
stepped forward.
“…I slipped up…”
Deusolbert let out a deep groan.
He had finally realized those enemies erratically moving through
the darkness and those scarecrows improvised from raised
corpses.
After bringing down those manipulating the scarecrows by aiming
at the feet rather than the heart, the right hand searched through
the large quiver behind and grasped only a fruitless emptiness.
Without arrows, the Conflagrant Flame Bow, a divine instrument,
was no different from a plain longbow. Though it was possible to
produce arrows from metallic elements with sacred arts, that
technique could only be used in a one-versus-one where he had
the chance to recite the art. In the first place, almost all of the
space sacred energy should have been absorbed by the integrity
knight standing by in the sky, leaving the atmosphere dry.
Grinding his teeth as he hung the Conflagrant Flame Bow on his
left shoulder by its string, Deusolbert drew the longsword from
his waist once more. It was in that precise moment that he spotted
a party rapidly approaching through the darkness from in front,
with sizes rather large for goblins. Their outfits differed from the
small fry he faced off until now. Their chest to around their hips
was covered in plate armor and riveted leather belts wrapped
about their brawny arms. They held thick, large hatchets that
seemed fit to sever even cows in their right hands.
Deusolbert confirmed another goblin approaching from behind
those seven—with a frame that exceeded even orcs in terms of
height.

56

Sword Art Online Volume 16 – Alicization Exploding
Chapter 18 – War of the Underworld

Judging from the cast iron armor shining with black luster, the
two large hatchets hanging from his hands, and the vivid,
decorative feathers swaying on his head, he figured there was no
mistake that he was the army’s commander.
The goblin general’s two eyes shining red under his bulging brow
collided with Deusolbert’s pair of eyes and the surrounding air
creaked in that instant. The swords and machetes striking against
each other without pause on the front lines gradually petered out
and came to an eventual stop. Both the guards and the goblins
gained distance from each other without further words and
watched the two generals’ confrontation with held breaths.
Deusolbert held back the numerous approaching guards with his
left hand. Brandishing the sword in his right hand without letting
down his guard, he questioned in a deep and seasoned yet distinct
voice.
“You are one of the ten lords of the Dark Empire… the goblins’
chief, huh?”
“That’s me.”
The large goblin responded with his yellowed teeth showing.
“Chief of the plains goblins, that’s Shibori-sama to you.”
Deusolbert steadied his breathing, rough from the long, fierce
battle while gazing straight towards the enemy general.
—If I defeat this general and those close to him, the goblin army
would lose its will to fight, even for a moment. If we take the
initiative and push the lines back, we would accomplish our role
as the vanguards.
Even if he could not use his Conflagrant Flame Bow.
Even if it was eight on one, he could only aim for a certain victory
now. He would prove the integrity knights’ strength, said to
comparable to a thousand, here and now.
“I am the integrity knight, Deusolbert Synthesis…”
57

Sword Art Online Volume 16 – Alicization Exploding
Chapter 18 – War of the Underworld

Shibori’s vulgar cry cut his sonorous voice short as he tried to
state his name.
“Hold there, who cares about some ium’s name?! You’re meat,
meat stuck on that head I’ll be taking!! Get to it… all of you, get
him!!”
Uu———raaaaaahh!!
Deusolbert took on the seven elite goblins jumping forward with
brutal war cries on his own.
They should have simply continued that boorish war if they lacked
the pride of swordsmen so. Proposing this shame of a duel was
just—
“Ridiculous!!”
Before picking up the whip, the spear, or the bow, every integrity
knight was an experienced swordsman.
Not even a single being there could perceive the motion of
Deusolbert raising the longsword in his right hand overhead and
swinging it down.
The slash at godspeed drew a dimly white streak of light. A faint
noise rang out as the large hatchet raised by the leading goblin
was split into two.
That was a moment before that goblin was cut into two from the
crown of his head to his stomach, fresh blood gushing out
everywhere. However, the knight was gone before that spray
reached.
Deusolbert carried out his next attack, having moved to the
second before the first even noticed his own death.
It was not some consecutive sword technique like those of Knight
Fanatio or the rebels he had once fought against. Those were
repeated single slashes in the old style of sword techniques
executed from the traditional stance.

58

Sword Art Online Volume 16 – Alicization Exploding
Chapter 18 – War of the Underworld

However, Deusolbert’s skill was polished through a near infinite
number of months and years, to a practically divine level. Only the
upper ranks among the dark knights and pugilists could react
against that single strike.
In actual fact, the second, cut from the left at nearly the same time
as the first, had perished with his plate armor severed along with
his heart by the time he began swinging down his large hatchet.
The overwhelming power difference was evident in everyone’s
eyes.
However, the elite goblins showed no hesitation. Chief Shibori,
too, was a superior being that inspired fear in them and they did
not even consider opposing his command.
Two who circled around from Deusolbert’s side, bathed in the
blood sprays from their own race, assailed him from both the left
and right.
The experienced knight showed not even the least panic and first
cut into the left goblin from below and drew that into an arc into
the right goblin from above. The single immediate motion that
ended the enemies on both sides was truly on the level of divinity.
Three remained; no, four if the general was counted too.
Would they come all at once or one after another?
Avoiding the spurts of blackish-red blood with a jump back,
Deusolbert prepared his next attack.
The fifth naively slashed at him from the left of his vision. He saw
no light reflected off blades from any other direction.
“Nuhn!”
He sliced horizontally with the sword on his left with that curt
yell. The tip cut a silver arc and sank into the enemy’s right.
Both of Deusolbert’s eyes opened wide in that moment.

59

Sword Art Online Volume 16 – Alicization Exploding
Chapter 18 – War of the Underworld

A large hatchet had stabbed through the enemy goblin’s chest
from behind, right as he had slashed, and flew towards him.
The massive blade scattered all around the fresh blood from its
still breathing comrade as it closed in towards Deusolbert’s throat.
He could neither dodge nor block it with his sword.
Having judged so in an instant, the left forearm he raised collided
with the tip of that large hatchet, producing dull light.
A numbing, intense pain. Though he had somehow endured with
his reddish-copper gauntlet, the blow spread through his bones
from his flesh.
“Ku… oohh!!”
Blowing through his surprise with a shout, Deusolbert forced the
enemy’s blade to glance off towards the left. A cracking noise rang
throughout his body, informing him of the broken bones in his left
arm.
That was no more than a single arm!!
With the slash stopped with his mustered up spirit, Deusolbert
charged straight in just like that. Stabbing through the sacrificed
fifth’s stomach, his sword reached the overlapped sixth’s body.
However, the feedback was shallow.
He had to quickly withdraw his sword, gain some distance, and
link that into his next attack.
Deusolbert pulled the sword out at once, sweat rising onto his
brow without his notice.
The fifth slumped over, dead, and beyond that, he saw—
The sixth and seventh throwing their large hatchets away and
leaping at him with their arms spread out at a height equal to
crawl across the ground.
And there existed no stance fit for attacking an enemy in that
position within Deusolbert’s style.
60

Sword Art Online Volume 16 – Alicization Exploding
Chapter 18 – War of the Underworld

Falling into a momentary rigidness, the knight’s two legs were
grabbed simultaneously by the two goblins. Incapable of dealing
with their dreadful physical strength, Deusolbert fell onto his
back.
His two widened eyes perceived Shibori, the enemy general,
jumping forward with his large frame and two battle axes
brandished while showing a brutal joy.
—In such a place, against goblins?
—It’s impossible for I, Deusolbert, an integrity knight, to face
defeat here.
«Impossible».
That thought could prove to be a dangerous poison for one’s
mental state the more stubborn one was. Though he remained
above falling into a berserk state like Sigrosig, Deusolbert’s
motion came to a complete stop within his numbed consciousness.
The knight could only watch on as the lethal blade loomed closer
before he heard—
A scream, hoarse from exhaustion but valiant all the same.
“Esteemed knight———!!”
A single guard charged towards the enemy general and his
fiendish features. That was that young guard commander. That
youngling whose name he had not even heard yet raised the
greatsword his two hands held up and carried out a slash from
above with all he had.
In response, the enemy general swung the battle axe in his left
hand as though it was a bother.
Gagiin!! A dull, shrill metallic noise rang out.

61

Sword Art Online Volume 16 – Alicization Exploding
Chapter 18 – War of the Underworld

Though it paled when compared to the enemy general, the guard
commander had a large build and wore heavy armor, but was
blown away like a paper doll, rolling two, three times across the
ground. That physical strength overthrew the gap between their
technique, speed, and equipment all too easily.
The two eyes of the demi-human shone red and narrowed.
Releasing the murderous aura of a beast’s, he leapt and swung up
the axe in his right hand as though to put an end to the guard
commander who had yet to stand up.
—No.
—I cannot allow any further casualties as a knight, and as their
commander!
The momentary thought stabbed into Deusolbert’s stiff mental
state like a bolt of lightning.
There was not enough time to shake his legs free from the two
elite goblins binding them, stand up, and move before the guard
commander. Throwing the sword in his right hand would only
serve to delay the same conclusion by seconds.
Before he could consider what to even do, his two hands swung
almost automatically—carrying out what he had never thought of
prior.
Nocking the longsword in his right hand as a replacement for an
arrow onto the bowstring of the Conflagrant Flame Bow he
wielded horizontally, he fiercely tugged at it.
The heavy resistance felt as though he was pulling on a rope
fastened to the great earth. The intense pain practically wiped his
consciousness blank from the roots.
However, Deusolbert let a groan escape amidst his clenched teeth
and pulled it to its very limit. Taking up a posture to fire, he yelled.
“Come, flames!!”

62

Sword Art Online Volume 16 – Alicization Exploding
Chapter 18 – War of the Underworld

The divine instrument responded to its owner’s will even without
reciting its art.
The energy from the flames emitting from all over the bow
surpassed all previous manifestations of his armament full control
art.
Though the longsword nocked onto the bow could not compare to
a divine instrument, it was a named good produced personally by
the highest minister. It possessed a priority on an entirely
different level from the mass-produced steel arrows. The sacred
energy contained within its blade transformed into flames without
moderation.
The full body armor on Deusolbert, with its supposed resistance
towards heat, turned red hot at once.
The two goblins clinging onto his legs let out shrieks as flames
started spouting out from their eyes and mouths, burning them,
before they could react accordingly.
The enemy general, turning back upon noticing the abnormality,
widened both eyes from surprise and anger as he tried to hurl the
axe in his right hand.
However, that was too slow—
“—Burn down to ashes!!”
Shouting so, Deusolbert released the bowstring. Shot forth with a
roar, the longsword flapped its crimson, blazing wings as it soared
straight. It appeared just like the Conflagrant Flame Bow’s original
self—the phoenix that lived in the oldest volcano of the south
empire.
“Graahh!!”
The enemy general let out a groan as he crossed the two large
axes before his body. The phoenix clad in flames struck the heart
of that for an instant.
The large, pig iron axes vaporized all too quickly with a hiss.
63

Sword Art Online Volume 16 – Alicization Exploding
Chapter 18 – War of the Underworld

And their owner, Shibori the chief of the plains goblins, skipped
through the usual processes of combustion, immediately turning
into black charcoal— He crumbled into pieces right after and
vanished without a trace.
Having witnessed their general’s horrifying death, the goblin
soldiers turned around at once and began fleeing. However, over
three hundred soldiers could not escape the phoenix’s inferno and
disappeared into cinders.
***
The distress both Fanatio in the first unit, middle, and Deusolbert
in the right flank went through.
Instructing the second unit in the rear, the commander of the
Human Empire Defense Army, Bercouli Synthesis One, clearly
knew of those as well as the chaos the left flank under Eldrie’s
command experienced from that smokescreen.
However, he did not take even a single step.
The first reason was his trust in the knights and guards brought
up under his personal care. The second reason was how the
Human Empire could not send out its second unit either, with the
main force of the enemy’s ground troops, the Order of the Dark
Knights and the Pugilists’ Guild, yet to make a move.
And the third reason was the possibility of a surprise attack,
something he could not help but worry for, with his knowledge of
the Dark Territory beyond everyone’s.
Or in other words, the enemy’s might in aerial warfare.

64

Sword Art Online Volume 16 – Alicization Exploding
Chapter 18 – War of the Underworld

In this world where the art for flight did not exist—save for the
one recorded in the index only Highest Minister Administrator
could call out and was lost forever with her death, to be specific—
the few «dragon knights» among the Order of the Integrity
Knights and the Order of the Dark Knights possessed exceptional
war potential. Freely soaring through the skies beyond the reach
of swords, they could raze infantry with the knight’s arts and the
dragon’s heat rays.
However, they could not be rashly let out onto the war front due
to that value of theirs. If they sent theirs out before the enemy and
any fell from the off-chance of an art or arrow from the ground,
they would be ladened with a tremendous disadvantage from that
very point.
As such, Bercouli retained all flying dragons aside from
«Amayori», ridden by Alice, in the rear of the battlefield and
trusted in the enemy to do the same. Hence, the surprise attack he
fretted over would not come from dragon knights.
Aside from them, the forces of darkness held an aerial force that
they monopolized.
They were repulsive, winged monsters termed «minions». Created
from clay and other materials by dark arts users, they possessed
no intelligence and could understand only certain basic orders.
In truth, Bercouli had heard from Alice that the highest minister
had created and researched into those same minions in secret.
However, it seemed even the highest minister hesitated in
deploying the repulsive minions as they were to the Axiom Church.
He could only feel it a pity that she had not changed their
appearances into something fitting in time before she departed,
but there was no use in crying over spilled milk.
Due to those reasons, Bercouli felt it necessary to prepare for
minions launching surprise attacks from the skies. And in this
situation with the flying dragons held back and the ascetics unit
tied up with healing, he was the only option left for aerial defense
over a vast area.
65

Sword Art Online Volume 16 – Alicization Exploding
Chapter 18 – War of the Underworld

To be accurate, the divine instrument Bercouli held, the «Time
Piercing Sword», was the only option.
Bercouli focused entirely on his mind while standing firm in the
middle of the second unit with both hands against the pommel of
his precious sword in its scabbard.
He could constantly sense the difficult battles the three integrity
knights and the guards of the first unit went through.
However, he could not take even a single step.
After all, Bercouli had already activated the armament full control
art for his cherished sword.
A humongous clock mounted on the Central Cathedral in an age
long past had informed the residents of Central Capital Centoria of
the time. Its minute hand and hour hand were reforged into a
divine instrument, the Time Piercing Sword. The power it
concealed was to «cut the future». The power behind a slash
would remain in the trajectory where the sword was swung and
anyone who touched that would be cut, a technique that was just
as exceptional.
Just before the Great East Gate collapsed, Bercouli straddled the
knight dragon, «Hoshigami», and created a gigantic «slashing
space» spanning a hundred mel in width, two hundred mel in
length, and a hundred-and-fifty mel in height right before the
Great Gate. Swinging his sword time after time with subtle vertical
and horizontal movements, he drew out a fine mesh in the empty
air. The total number of slashes exceeded three hundred.
Maintaining those «incarnation blades» on such a scale for over
tens of minutes was a first for Bercouli, the practically immortal
being who had lived for over three hundred years, as well. The
technique was made possible only by separating his
consciousness from his flesh and concentrating solely on his
mental state. He had left command of the first unit to Fanatio for
this one and only reason.
—Hurry… if you’re coming, come quick.
66

Sword Art Online Volume 16 – Alicization Exploding
Chapter 18 – War of the Underworld

That earnest wish remained with Bercouli despite having reached
a realm detached from needless impatience. Putting aside his
mental exhaustion, over half of the Time Piercing Sword’s sacred
energy was already consumed. He could not dispel the armament
full control art for the moment and repeat the act. If he failed to
annihilate the enemy’s minions and they assaulted Alice, preparing
a large-scale art in the sky above the first unit, they would lose
their one and only hope.
—Come, quick.
***
Though Renri Synthesis Twenty-seven who abandoned his post
was the one stuck with the most pessimistic state of mind among
the seven high ranking knights gathered at the Great East Gate,
Eldrie Synthesis Thirty-one, too, was up against the wall despite
how he should have much more experience in actual battles.
That emotion differed from what Dakira of the «Four Oscillation
Blades» held for Fanatio, that honest love. He wanted to offer all of
himself to serve under Alice, yet at the same time, he experienced
the contradictory desire to place her under his protection as his
senior.
Alice was reputed as the greatest genius in the church’s history
ever since he awoke as an integrity knight. She possessed a talent
at the sacred arts far surpassing the ascetics and priests, was
chosen as the owner of the oldest divine instrument, the «Fragrant
Olive Sword» with its alternate name, the Eternal Immortality,
which had rejected all resonance with other knights, and even had
the gift to take in all of Knight Commander Bercouli’s techniques.
She could be seen only as a young girl on the outside, but to most
of the knights, Alice was like a lone star in the northern skies,
distant from all else.

67

Sword Art Online Volume 16 – Alicization Exploding
Chapter 18 – War of the Underworld

The circumstances had also spurred the rumors that she would
succeed the highest minister, Administrator.
As such, Eldrie, too, made no effort to approach Alice after
awakening as a knight. It could even be said he actively avoided
her.
Though his memories in the Human Empire were stolen through
the «Synthesis Ritual», Eldrie was the eldest son of Eschdol
Woolsburg, the greatest commander-in-chief of Norlangarth
North Empire and a first class noble. In addition, in Year 380 of
the Human Empire Calendar, he was the first representative
swordsman from the north empire and the champion of the Four
Empires Unity Tournament. Even after becoming an integrity
knight, his innate pride and conceit as a noble remained.
To that personality of his, Alice’s existence as a knight far superior
to him despite being young and female, and her position as Knight
Commander Bercouli’s only disciple should have brought him
discomfort and never affection.
However, it happened late at night some time after she became a
knight.
Eldrie spotted an utterly unexpected aspect to Alice by accident.
Delving deep in the rose garden in a bid for some secret sword
training, he saw Alice, dressed in simple sleepwear, throwing
herself down before a coarse grave marker and sobbing. The
name on the grave marker, a mere cross carved from plain wood,
was that of an old flying dragon whose Life went dry several days
prior—the mother dragon who gave birth to Alice’s knight dragon,
«Amayori», and Eldrie’s knight dragon, «Takiguri».
They might be highly valued for their war potential, but still, they
were mere dragons. Was she not just a lower, kept beast? What
reason was there for a grave and that grieving?
That was what Eldrie thought then.

68

Sword Art Online Volume 16 – Alicization Exploding
Chapter 18 – War of the Underworld

However, when he tried to turn aside and snicker, he was shocked
upon noticing something hot welling from his own eyes.
Alice, crying as she mourned for the deceased mother dragon. He
still did not know why that had made his heart quiver hard
enough to have it tear apart. However, Eldrie could only stand
still, unable to even wipe his tears, as he realized. That graceful,
fleeting figure was the true Alice Synthesis Thirty.
Ever since that day, the aloof Knight Alice appeared completely
different when reflected in Eldrie’s eyes. He saw her as a crystal
flower, capable of withstanding any draught with her head firmly
held high yet close to shattering at any moment—
He wanted to protect her. He wanted to guard that girl from any
tormenting, cold wind.
That emotion in Eldrie grew only stronger day by day. Still, his
thoughts of protecting were too impertinent. Alice’s talents
surpassed Eldrie’s be it in arts or the sword.
The only possibility he had left was his desire to receive Alice’s
guidance as her disciple.
From then, Eldrie lived while holding onto a single desire. To have
his master, Alice, recognize him as a swordsman and as a man.
That goal was difficult or even impossible. With the true strength
of that genius knight, Alice, at a level recognized by even Knight
Commander Bercouli, Eldrie’s zealous, desperate training was
more to keep his patience strong rather than to catch up to her.
At the same time, he made great efforts to draw his master’s smile
out, by even the slightest bit, with conversations over all sorts of
topics, meals together, and a pompous manner of speech that just
came to him—though that was, in fact, a resurgence of his
personality from before becoming an integrity knight.
It was around those days when his effort began to bear fruit, with
his skill with the sword growing and him succeeding in having his
master’s lip form an extremely faint smile.
69

Sword Art Online Volume 16 – Alicization Exploding
Chapter 18 – War of the Underworld

The cathedral was assailed by the largest incident in the church’s
history.
It should have been standard duty at the start. Certainly, the major
crime, «murder», committed by the two swordsmen-in-training
was horrifying, but still, accidents involving disputes with
bloodshed, the accumulation of unfortunate circumstances, did
happen throughout the vast Human Empire at times. In reality, he
felt practically no danger or enmity from the students when he
saw them brought to the cathedral. He thought them no more than
utterly dejected youths from the common folk.
That was why, when his master, Alice, shut them away in the
cathedral’s underground jail and ordered at the end of her
contemplation—
[Guard the exit to the underground jail for a night just in case.]
—Eldrie was somewhat astonished. And he took up the duty with
the thought that keeping vigil in the rose garden was nice once in
a while, but felt a great shock when the criminal did escape just as
the eastern skies began to turn white.
Admiring his master’s insight, Eldrie stood before them to
accomplish his role—and yet of all things to happen, he had to
lose; and he had no excuses to deny that. He faced off against
commoners with torn chains as weapons and he even made use of
the memory release art for his divine instrument, «Frost Scale
Whip».
Truly, he could only admit his defeat. In the end, those two broke
through the upper ranking knight, Deusolbert, Deputy Knight
Commander Fanatio, his master, Alice, and even Knight
Commander Bercouli, and ended up even defeating Highest
Minister Administrator. Alice had clearly mentioned as well, in the
log house at that meager north village he did not know the name
of, in front of one of those criminals. That he was the strongest
swordsman who surpassed even the integrity knights.
He did not feel regret over losing to that black-haired youth in
terms of might with the sword.
70

Sword Art Online Volume 16 – Alicization Exploding
Chapter 18 – War of the Underworld

That was not it; he was not the one; those thoughts hurt.
The one to release his master, Alice, from the ice garden that
confined her heart was not him but that youth. Eldrie’s heart
jolted at that realization.
Hours before the Great East Gate collapsed, his master, Alice,
spoke with a gentle smile he had never seen even once in the past.
[I had continued down that bleak journey to reach today only with
your support. Thank you, Eldrie.] …Or so she said.
Eldrie resolved himself with tears of gratitude when he heard
those words. He would show how much Alice’s guidance had
helped develop himself on this battlefield, at the very least.
That strong determination lent strength to Eldrie as the power of
incarnation and drove him into a corner at the same time.
Even if the mountain goblin army had waged a normal war on the
left flank of the first unit he led, Eldrie would show ferocity in no
way inferior to Deusolbert at the right flank.
However, in reality, the mountain goblins came up with the
unexpected strategy of completely robbing the left flank force
with a dense smokescreen and slipping past their feet to assail the
rear.
He was done in by goblins. He showed that shameful sight to Alice,
watching on from the sky.
That impatience robbed the capability for composed judgements
from Eldrie. He recklessly looked about in the dense smoke that
concealed even his own nose from his vision and thought to give
instructions to the guards. But he noticed in time at least,
somehow, that an order to attack in this state would end in
friendly fire and yet could think of no means to get rid of the
smoke.
Eldrie could only stand stock still, disheveling his light purple hair
and chewing on his lips hard enough for his blood to flow.
71

Sword Art Online Volume 16 – Alicization Exploding
Chapter 18 – War of the Underworld

2
“Heey, you know, the left doesn’t look so in control.”
As Fizel, her partner, reported to their commander in a somewhat
carefree voice, Linel nodded as well as her pigtails wavered.
However, no reply came from their commander. She shifted her
sight forward while thinking about how she barely spoke.
Fizel Synthesis Twenty-eight and Linel Synthesis Twenty-nine,
apprentice knights, were stationed at the front of the second unit’s
right flank of the Human Empire Defense Army. Despite the
ruckus at the first unit’s right flank positioned a hundred mel in
front, no enemy had penetrated the defense line. It seemed the
senior high ranking knight, Deusolbert, was making quite an
effort.
The center of the first unit that Deputy Knight Commander
Fanatio was entrusted with, too, held its position for the time
being. Though Linel and Fizel treated her like an elder sister and a
natural enemy of sorts, they could not deny her might. That tense
feeling she gave off previously, too, had mostly vanished after she
shed that iron mask and revealed her bare face.
What worried her, as expected, was the left flank of the first unit.
Eldrie Synthesis Thirty-one, who took up command, was a
newcomer who awoke merely seven months ago and though his
abilities recently improved significantly, the sudden, major role
might have been a little too heavy for him. He did command the
front lines by his own wish, but it felt like it would have been
better to leave it to the other senior knights instead—
She pondered over those thoughts as she pictured the stations for
each knight in her head.
The high ranking knights gathered on this battlefield numbered
merely seven.

72

Sword Art Online Volume 16 – Alicization Exploding
Chapter 18 – War of the Underworld

The first unit had Eldrie on the left, Deputy Commander Fanatio in
the middle, and Deusolbert on the right.
The second unit had the young Renri on the left, Knight
Commander Bercouli in the middle, and the silent female knight
on the right.
And the last position, in the sky, was taken by Alice Synthesis
Thirty.
“…The left is a cause for concern no matter how you look at it, isn’t
it…”
Fizel was the one to curtly nod her head instead, this time, to
Linel’s mutterings. In fact, the situation at the left flank had been
strange since minutes ago. There were no signs of injuries, but
countless disorderly cries could be heard from across the troops
in the middle. What appeared to be thick smoke, darker than even
the darkness at the bottom of the valley, could be seen lingering
there after squinting hard.
In the off-chance they slipped through Eldrie in the first unit, the
second unit commanded by the young Renri should still hold them
back—or at least, they should.
“Will that kid really be okaay?”
Nodding to Fizel’s words, Linel drew her head closer to her
partner before whispering.
“I did not say anything because I figured Esteemed Uncle Bercouli
would have something in mind, but the left and right flanks of the
second unit really should have been swapped. I’m not sure at all
about lining up Eldry with Renry.”
Fizel lowered her voice even further at that and replied.
“I thought about it and all, but dear uncle’s probably thinking
about making us fight as little as possible, don’t you think…?”
“……Aah…”

73

Sword Art Online Volume 16 – Alicization Exploding
Chapter 18 – War of the Underworld

Coming to an understanding, Linel watched as a slender figure
quietly stood up a short distance away.
The thin armor was in matte grey, a rare choice among the
integrity knights. Her hair, dark grey as well, was separated neatly
at the middle of her pale brow and tied up at the back of her head.
She appeared around twenty years old with single eyelids on her
eyes, narrowed in a refined manner, and no rouge on her lips.
She was named Scheta Synthesis Twelve. Her alias seemed to be
«Silent», but the origins for that were unknown. However, at the
very least, Fizel and Linel understood well enough that this knight
was nowhere as harmless as she looked. This knight was
dangerous. They had no desire to even remain near her when she
draws the rapier at the left of the waist.
Knight Commander Bercouli must have thought of having Scheta
avoid battle as well, thus setting her behind the senior Deusolbert
instead of the young Eldrie. In other words, if that archer
continued to hold his ground, Linel and the rest would see no
action.
That hardly constituted a valid reason, but—
“Excuse me, Scheta-sama.”
Linel spoke to their taciturn commander once more. She shot a
glance at them, so she voiced out the rest of words.
“May we go take a look at the rear?”
The knight’s slender right eyebrow moved just two millice at that.
As she felt a questioning “why” from that, she replied in a hurry.
“Erm, well, we are a little concerned…”
Her eyebrow moved once again. It must be asking “over what”.
Her answer made her hesitate and she struggled before she
somehow got out the words.
“Ermm… that person who should be together with the supply unit.
The rebel… Kirito.”
74

Sword Art Online Volume 16 – Alicization Exploding
Chapter 18 – War of the Underworld

Fizel nodded with slight motions from the side at that.
In that great turmoil seven months ago, Fizel and Linel fought
against the rebels, Kirito and Eugeo, on the Central Cathedral’s
grand staircase. To be accurate, they paralyzed them with
concealed, venomous swords in a surprise attack and dragged
them before the deputy knight commander before trying to
behead them.
It should have been easy. However, that rebel, Kirito, had recited
the detoxification art without them noticing, stole their swords,
and paralyzed them in the end.
When Kirito swung the venomous swords down towards Linel
and Fizel, collapsed on the ground, they did not feel any fear in
particular. They simply sighed and felt slight regret, missing out
on the opportunity to advance to being real integrity knights from
apprentices. Thinking that it would be nice if Kirito killed them
skillfully—in a clean and relatively painless manner, in other
words—Linel awaited the moment her Life would be severed.
However, Kirito did not kill the pair. The venomous swords stood
stabbed in the floor and he turned his back to them, standing
against Deputy Knight Commander Fanatio. And he achieved
victory in that unwinnable battle with wounds all over his body.
Fizel and Linel could still clearly recall the words Kirito’s partner,
the rebel, Eugeo, gave them right before they left.
—Fanatio and Kirito are that strong because they have their
sacred instruments and armament full control arts; that might be
what the two of you thought, being who you are, but that’s wrong.
Those two are much, much stronger. They could fight on even
when hurt that badly not through their skills or weapons but
through their heart and mind.
To be honest, she did not truly understand the meaning behind
those words even after these seven months passed.

75

Sword Art Online Volume 16 – Alicization Exploding
Chapter 18 – War of the Underworld

However, it was reality that the rebels, Kirito and Eugeo, defeated
even Highest Minister Administrator. In exchange, Eugeo lost his
life and Kirito lost his heart and an arm.
What did the two rebels seek as they fought? What strength did
they gain from their hearts and minds?
It was in pursuit of that that Fizel and Linel participated in the
Human Empire Defense Army and came all the way to the faraway
Great East Gate.

76

Sword Art Online Volume 16 – Alicization Exploding
Chapter 18 – War of the Underworld

77

Sword Art Online Volume 16 – Alicization Exploding
Chapter 18 – War of the Underworld

The answers remained obscure. However, an unfamiliar sensation
went through Linel’s chest when she saw Kirito, atop the
wheelchair pushed by Knight Alice, appearing on the battlefield.
She could not determine what she felt and thought then; a first for
her.
The apprentice knights, Linel Synthesis Twenty-eight and Fizel
Synthesis Twenty-nine, were born in the Central Cathedral.
Though they had heard their parents were among the ascetics of
the Axiom Church, they recalled neither their names nor faces.
Their parents were ordered by the highest minister,
Administrator, to procreate and to send the babies to a certain
establishment in the tower. Though there were a grand total of
thirty in that establishment from the same background, the only
ones living on now were Linel and Fizel. All of the other twentyeight could not endure the «resurrection sacred art» experiments
conducted by the highest minister and died.
Fizel and Linel lived on only because of their wholehearted
research into «good methods of dying» that placed their flesh and
spirit under least burden. The pair stabbed each other in the heart
as ordered, died, and were resurrected by sacred arts. By the time
the highest minister gave up on her experiments, each of them had
already gotten the knack of killing the other while causing nearly
no pain.
Strength, to the pair, referred to effective techniques for murder. If
the opponent proved stronger, they would promptly flee. Flee, and
train, to surpass and to kill again when given an opportunity. By
that logic, there was no reason to take on injuries while standing
against someone stronger. They had always thought so.
The rebels, Kirito and Eugeo, appeared to be only as skilled as the
lower ranking knights when judging from their combat
capabilities alone. However, the pair fought against that highest
minister, abandoning an arm and a life, and triumphed.
For what cause?
And thus, what had that pair to gain?
78

Sword Art Online Volume 16 – Alicization Exploding
Chapter 18 – War of the Underworld

They wanted to ask Kirito upon meeting again with him, but
Integrity Knight Alice was constantly by his side and they found
no opportunity to come into contact with him. Though they did
not know if they could hold a conversation with him in his current
state, it would be a bother if he died off before they could try. The
supply unit behind ought to remain safe as long as the second unit
hold, but that chaos on the left flank was definitely of worry.
—And as they could not possibly explain all of that to Scheta, the
acting commander here, the pair restlessly waited for approval.
The knight, «Silent», glanced towards the left flank with her grey
eyes and pointed towards the rear with her left hand after
approximately two seconds of thought.
“Eh… erm, s-so we can go?”
As Scheta nodded without a word, she hastily made a simplified
knight’s salute with Fizel.
“Thank you very much, we will be back immediately after
confirming their safety!”
Turning about, they began running by the side of the ranks.
—Thank you very much, huh. She had never said that, not even to
the esteemed highest minister.
Linel’s eyes met with her partner and they exchanged cynical
smiles before she accelerated further.
***
Integrity Knight Renri Synthesis Twenty-seven, about to put his
arms around his knees once more, drew in a sharp breath deep in
the supplies tent after several shouts reached his ears from
surprisingly close by.

79

Sword Art Online Volume 16 – Alicization Exploding
Chapter 18 – War of the Underworld

Could it be? He could not believe the enemy army could have
broken through the valley’s defense lines so quickly. Only tens of
minutes had passed since battle began.
It was just due to him being worked up that he could hear those
faraway noises so clearly; Renri convinced himself.
However, the reactions from the two girls who had taken refuge in
the same tent told him that he did not mishear the approaching
soldier voices.
“No way… they’re already this far back?”
The red-haired trainee named Tiezé Shtolienen flicked her face up
and rushed to the tent’s entrance. Lifting the drapes, she
ascertained the outside. Her whispering resounded immediately
after, in a tone of increasing anxiety.
“…There’s smoke…!”
The trainee called Ronye Arabel, too, tensed up at that.
“Eh… Tiezé, is there fire too!?”
“No, there’s just this oddly colored smoke streaming in… —No,
wait. In the smoke… there are all those people…”
The words from Tiezé, peeping outside through the gaps in the
drapes, stopped as though absorbed by the thick cotton.
Renri strained his ears once again in the tense silence, getting
onto his feet.
The cries had vanished some time ago. However, he sensed
someone approaching beyond that stillness. He heard gradual,
damp footsteps.
Without warning, Tiezé retreated to the middle of the tent with
uncertain steps. Her shuddering right hand reached out towards
her left waist.
It happened then, when Renri realized she was trying to draw her
sword.
80

Sword Art Online Volume 16 – Alicization Exploding
Chapter 18 – War of the Underworld

Baff! The drapes at the entrance tore as they were pulled apart
without care.
The outside was mired in dusk without him knowing and the
torches’ light quivered alone in a pale red. A humanoid silhouette
stood in silence against that backdrop. Despite its small frame and
hunched back, its two arms were abnormally muscular and
gripped onto a coarse machete that appeared as though cut out
from sheet metal.
The stench mixed into the air blowing in from the entrance stung
Renri’s nose.
Trainee Shtolienen drew her sword as its sheath clattered and
Trainee Arabel shouted in a low voice from beside the wheelchair.
“—A goblin!?”
The intruder with bizarre features responded in a hoarse voice,
scratchy in some places.
“O-hoh… white ium girls… trophies for me…”
Tiezé slowly stepped back at the sheer rawness of his desires.
While he was a high ranking integrity knight, this was Renri’s first
time witnessing a demi-human from the Dark Territory. He had
been dealt with, by being frozen, before he was granted a flying
dragon to fly to the mountain range at the edge.
This was completely… different.
Renri thought absentmindedly.
He thought he had learnt sufficiently regarding the four demihuman races from the lectures given by the senior knights and the
written material in the cathedral. However, the goblin he
imagined, taking on an appearance like that of the mischievous
fairies from nursery tales, resembled this repulsive organism
standing a mere eight mel away in no way.

81

Sword Art Online Volume 16 – Alicization Exploding
Chapter 18 – War of the Underworld

The goblin lumbered a step forward in Renri’s view as he shivered
to the tips of his fingers, unable to even move. His dirtied plate
armor shone dully like scales.
Tiezé turned the long sword held in her two hands towards the
goblin, but its point wobbled as her knees quivered
uncontrollably. Did that soft clattering come from the girl’s teeth?
“Ti… Tiezé…”
A feeble voice leaked out from Ronye’s throat. She hid the
wheelchair Kirito sat upon before her back and held onto her
sword’s grip with her right hand, but her legs, too, were shaking.
He had to stand.
He had to stand, draw the Twin Edged Wings from his waist, and
fight against the goblin soldier.
Despite those thoughts, Renri’s body rejected any notion to move
as though petrified. The enemy was no more than a single demihuman soldier. The high ranking knights, capable of matching a
thousand, should have been bestowed enough power to achieve
victory even when up against a thousand of these goblins.
“Gufh… you look tasty…”
The goblin licked his lips as his viscous drool dripped in strings.
“Ba… back off! If you don’t…!”
The warning Tiezé desperately wrung out served no purpose
except to stimulate the goblin’s appetite. With a smug smile, the
demi-human took another step forward, his machete brandished.
Then—
Thump.
That stale noise rang out in the tent.
The goblin soldier’s two yellow eyes opened widely in confusion
as he looked down at his own chest.

82

Sword Art Online Volume 16 – Alicization Exploding
Chapter 18 – War of the Underworld

Sharp, smooth metal sprung from the coarse plate armor. It was
wet with drops of fresh blood; a sword’s pointed tip. Some being
had stabbed precisely into the demi-human’s heart from behind.
“…What is, this thing …?”
Those became the goblin soldier’s final words. Strength left his
brawny frame and he crumbled onto the tent’s floor in exhaustion.
Standing beyond him and half a head shorter than the two female
trainees was a small swordswoman, or perhaps a female ascetic.
Her dark, reddish-brown hair was braided and she wore a silver
breastplate atop black ascetic clothing. The sword she held in her
right hand was rather short, fitting her physique. Despite how she
could still be labelled a child as according to her age—despite how
she had just killed that horrifying demi-human soldier, her
adorable face showed not even a hint of fear.
After seeing that much in a daze, Renri noticed at last.
This girl was neither a swordswoman nor an ascetic.
She was a knight. An apprentice integrity knight with a name of
Linel Synthesis Twenty-eight if he recalled right. The girl was half
of the «dreadful twins»: the one who murdered the previous
twenty-eighth knight in a match and stole the position.
Linel’s expression showed no reaction even when she saw the
foolish sight of Renri sinking onto the ground. After confirming
the safety of the two trainees and Kirito, on the wheelchair, she
spun about.
Another apprentice knight appeared at the tent’s entrance
immediately after. Her short hair was in same hue as Linel’s and
Fizel Synthesis Twenty-nine whispered to her partner in a soft
voice.
“Nel, I took care of all of the goblins nearby, but they’re still
coming. May be best to move.”
“Nn, okay, Zel.”
83

Sword Art Online Volume 16 – Alicization Exploding
Chapter 18 – War of the Underworld

Having nodded, Linel caught the obstructing goblin corpse on the
floor near the entrance with the tip of her right foot and rolled it
somewhere less troublesome. The near lack of spilled blood was
likely due to the speed and precision of that one strike from
behind.
Turning around, she called out to the trainees who appeared
incapable of speaking.
“I am Linel and this is Fizel. The two of us are apprentice knights.”
“Y-Yes, we’ve seen you during practice. We are trainees, Tiezé
Shtolienen and Ronye Arabel. Thank… Thank you very much for
saving us.”
Tiezé stated her name with a voice that still trembled and Ronye
bowed as well. Linel shrugged her shoulders in a precocious
fashion at that.
“It’s still up in the air whether you’ll live or not. It looks like more
than a hundred goblins slipped through the defense lines while
the left flanks of the first and second units are covered in a
smokescreen.”
Linel went quiet for a moment there and finally looked straight at
Renri.
Her grey eyes tinged with violet narrowed.
“What could you be doing here as the esteemed knight who is
supposed to be taking command of the second unit’s left flank?
Those under you are moving about in confusion under the
smokescreen, you know?”
Averting his face as though to escape from the apprentice knight’s
sight, Renri replied softly.
“…It’s nothing to do with the two of you. Please take those two and
the ill one to somewhere safe.”
Renri felt vividly a change in Linel’s presence in that moment.

84

Sword Art Online Volume 16 – Alicization Exploding
Chapter 18 – War of the Underworld

A cold, murderous aura, unfitting for a child, brushed against his
cheek. The sword stained with goblin blood shone orange in the
torches’ light.
Was she thinking to kill him like she did to the previous twentyeighth?
Then that would be all to that. It was a mistake in the first place to
hurl him, a failure of a knight who should have been frozen
forever, into a real battlefield. He could not possibly return to the
second unit now and there was no place for him even if he fled
back to the cathedral. Though she was an apprentice, an execution
by Linel who held a number as a knight would be a fitting end for
such a coward.
Renri turned his face away as he awaited the blade of
condemnation.
But what he heard was a soft whisper rather than approaching
footsteps.
“…You are a terrible coward, but you must have some strength if
you’re supposed to be a high ranking knight. Thank that
swordsman you called ill.”
—What did she mean; that thought came and he raised his face
only after Linel’s ascetic clothing spun about.
“Trainees, come, and bring Kirito with you.”
Went Linel’s instructions.
“Nel, they’re here! There’re eight… no, ten!”
Before Fizel’s voice overlapped them. Certainly, there were
multiple sets of footsteps approaching from the east.
Turning about, Linel quickly instructed Tiezé and Ronye who
stood frozen.
“I take back that order, stand by for a while. We will take care of
the goblins.”
85

Sword Art Online Volume 16 – Alicization Exploding
Chapter 18 – War of the Underworld

“We… we understand, esteemed knight.”
Tiezé nodded and Linel left the tent, as though sliding away, and
vanished alongside Fizel. Cries from the goblins going, “There they
are! Ium children!” came straight away as the footsteps left. They
must have planned to draw them away before engaging.
Standing against ten whole goblins without fear required courage
beyond what one would expect from apprentices. However, those
two held strength worthy of that.
Strength.
Linel judged Renri as a coward but still said he “must have some
strength”. And that he should thank the rebel, Kirito, who should
have originally been their enemy.
He did not understand the meaning behind those words and he
doubted there was even a trace of strength inside himself. After
all, he could not even bring himself to stand even with an enemy
soldier within sight.
Renri looked downwards, unable to even muster the courage to
confirm the expressions Ronye and Tiezé had.
However, that lasted only seconds. A straight line tore through the
thick, woven fabric on Renri’s immediate left, separating the tent’s
inside from the outside. That was reason enough for him to get up
and leap backwards, rather than cower as he did.
Standing on the other side of the torn fabric was a goblin soldier
shorter in stature than the one earlier but clad in armor that oper
seemed of somewhat high quality. Though made from leather, it
was tailored skillfully and even dyed black. Judging from how he
hid from Linel and the rest’s notice, he was apparently a scout that
excelled in covert operations.
Renri unconsciously reached out towards the throwing knives on
his waist. But he could not draw them. Like when he saw the first
goblin, the fear seeping from the depths of his stomach numbed
his frigid finger tips.
86

Sword Art Online Volume 16 – Alicization Exploding
Chapter 18 – War of the Underworld

Renri was mostly unaware of it himself, but the source of that fear
did not stem from seeing a demi-human soldier up close for the
first time.
It was fear towards fighting. To be specific, he feared the death
match that engaging a goblin would lead to.
He feared getting killed. That said, he feared killing even more.
Sets of footsteps reached Renri’s frozen ears. They must be from a
unit different from the one Linel and Fizel drew away. There really
were more than ten or twenty goblins who slipped past the
defense lines.
Perhaps having seen through Renri’s fear as he stood frozen, the
scout grinned and turned towards Tiezé and Ronye. The two
female trainees hid Kirito on the wheelchair behind themselves
and firmly brandished their swords once more. However, despair
flashed onto their faces right after. Numerous shadows
approached through the smoke hanging behind the scout.
The scout readied the scythe-like weapon in his right hand and
sidled towards Tiezé and Ronye.
“Stop… stop there! We will cut you if you come any closer!”
The red-haired girl shouted boldly. But that voice was faintly
hoarse and quivered.
“……”
The goblin shortened the distance in silence. The lack of pointless
banter, unlike the normal soldier from earlier, indicated him to be
higher up among the soldiers, with more training. Still, Tiezé held
her ground and held her sword aloft with an expression
displaying her readiness to die.
—You can’t do it, run.
He wanted to say so. But Renri’s mouth did not move. His body,
no, his soul rejected the option to fight even in this situation.
It was then—
87

Sword Art Online Volume 16 – Alicization Exploding
Chapter 18 – War of the Underworld

A weak, creaking noise reached Renri’s ears.
He flicked his sight alone towards the right.
The black-haired youth looking downwards with an empty
expression, still powerlessly sitting on the wheelchair in the tent’s
murky depths. The noise came from his left hand. Blood vessels
showed up on the hand hugging the two swords, rousing his
joints, displaying the tremendous power within them.
As though resenting the lack of a right hand to draw those blades.
“You……”
Renri whispered with an inaudible voice.
You wish to protect those two? Despite being unable to stand, to
draw your sword, or to even speak?
Out of nowhere, he noticed.
The strength Linel and Fizel mentioned before they left. That must
refer to neither swordsmanship, nor arts, nor divine instruments,
nor even the armament full control art.
It was that meager power everyone, both integrity knights and the
common folk, possessed from the start, yet lost sight of all too
easily.
Courage.
Renri’s right hand slowly began moving. His still-numbed finger
tips brushed against the Twin Edged Wings on his waist.
Sensation returned to his hands in that instant. His divine
instrument seemed to speak to him.
The goblins carelessly swung that brutal scythe up towards Tiezé.
Then—
The sharp noise of the air being sliced apart echoed as a bluishwhite light illuminated the murky insides of the tent.

88

Sword Art Online Volume 16 – Alicization Exploding
Chapter 18 – War of the Underworld

The light sprung upwards, tracing an arc from Renri’s hand,
grazing the tent’s roof as it dived. It turned upon passing through
the goblin’s body and settled between the index and middle
fingers of Renri’s outstretched right hand.
“…Gh-hi…?”
The goblin moaned as though doubting what had occurred. A light
red line drew across the middle of his face without a sound.
Immediately after, the top half of the goblin’s face slid out of place
and fell onto the ground with a damp noise.
The divine instrument, «Twin Edged Wings», was a set of
extremely thin, steel throwing knives bent in the middle.
The knives of approximately forty cen long had no grip to hold
them by. Both sides ended in sharp tips and they were thrown by
placing that between one’s fingers. The edges that flew while
revolving at high speeds could freely change their trajectory and
would return to their owner’s hands before received between
one’s two fingers again.
In other words, even normal usage required a level of
concentration incomparable to that of swords. He could easily lose
his fingers if his focus was disturbed by the slightest bit and he
failed to receive the returning edges.
His evident control over such a weapon could be said to be proof
enough of Renri’s capabilities. However, he himself was absolutely
unaware of that. His spirit languished at the feeling of inferiority
from his incapability to activate the armament full control art.
As such, Renri had not actually become any more ready for battle
despite having killed the goblin with a single stroke.
Renri repeated his shallow breathing while focused on the cold
steel faintly quivering, whirling to a stop at the tip of his extended
right hand. He killed, he had finally killed; those words alone
resounded in his mind time and time again.
“…Esteemed knight.”
89

Sword Art Online Volume 16 – Alicization Exploding
Chapter 18 – War of the Underworld

Tiezé was the one to break the silence. Tears lightly stained her
eyes in the shade of autumn as the trainee spoke in a whisper.
“Thank you… very much. You did save us, in the end.”
Warmth spread through Renri’s chest, icy with fear, from those
words. That said, he did not have the time to respond. Multiple
shadows came directly at them from beyond the smokescreen.
Their numbers were likely beyond ten.
—Impossible. I can’t fight any longer. It was scary enough even
against that one goblin.
The meager courage he gathered from all of himself scattered and
vanished.
His breathing grew shallow. Strength left his legs.
His eyes swam, seeking a path of escape, and were drawn to the
two long swords held in the black-haired youth’s one arm.
One among them, the sword adorned with a detailed rose inlay on
its grip, let out a feeble light in the dim darkness. The blue light,
faint yet somehow warm, pulsated just like a heart. The icy dread
enveloping his entire body gradually thawed.
After drawing in all the air his chest could hold, Renri spoke.
“…The two of you should stay here and protect Kirito-san.”
“Y… yes!”
Tiezé and Ronye replied with spirit. Replying with a light nod,
Renri left the tent from where the scout tore through. The two
goblins leading the approaching enemy soldiers noticed Renri and
bared their fangs.
A flash came from his right hand and a bluish-white radiance ran
through the air.
The throwing knife returned to his fingers just as their two heads
fell.

90

Sword Art Online Volume 16 – Alicization Exploding
Chapter 18 – War of the Underworld

However, Renri shifted his sight without making sure of that and
let loose the knife on his left waist towards a new target. Another
two goblins had their life cut away as they crumbled.
New troops surrounded Renri who had dealt with four goblins in
merely four seconds.
“It’s a knight…”
“The general’s head!”
“Kill! Kill!!”
Bathed in those savage voices, Renri ran forward in order to draw
the enemies away from the tent behind. The goblins’ armor rattled
as they chased after.
The orderly lines of supplies tents came to an eventual end. On his
immediate left was a cliff wall that rose vertically and a dense
smokescreen obstructing the front with goblins gushing out from
there, one after another. And behind him were the ten chasing
him.
Having jumped into his own doom, Renri stopped his feet and
stretched his two hands grasping onto the two throwing knives
towards the left and right before shouting.
“—My name is Renri! The integrity knight, Renri Synthesis
Twenty-seven!! If you wish for this head, then come at me ready to
set your life aside!”
The goblins responded with ferocious roars at that speech that
took all of his courage.
Their machetes swung up as one and Renri let loose both
throwing knives concurrently, targeting them who leapt in from
both ends.
The knife in his right hand towards the right. The knife in his left
hand towards the left. The two soaring edges traced arcs as they
intercepted the frontmost goblins.

91

Sword Art Online Volume 16 – Alicization Exploding
Chapter 18 – War of the Underworld

Heads left their bodies, dismembered one after another, before
falling onto the ground. Their bodies fell forward, delayed, as dark
fresh blood spurt from them.
Renri caught the two returning knives not by holding them
between his fingers but by hooking them around his index fingers.
Spinning them at high speeds in order to maintain their
momentum, he threw them once more without pause.
The exact same scene repeated itself yet again. A naive
comparison of his normal attacks against Deusolbert’s
«Conflagrant Flame Bow» and Fanatio’s «Heaven Piercing Sword»
in terms of might would probably result in his victory. The edges
of the «Twin Edged Wings» were thinner than paper and as they
spun at extreme speeds, they cut through inadequate armor as
though they were not present.
The two consecutive throws downed over ten and even the
goblins who knew no fear had their vigor dampened, spooked by
the disconcerting manner of death of their allies.
I can do this— If he held on for a little longer, backup should come
from the frontlines where the smokescreen was fading.
Renri held down the terror from the genocide he committed as he
took a third throw.
However, what arrived at his ears was the noise of twigs fell by a
hatchet rather than the prior cutting noises.
Kakiiin! A shrill sound of impact.
The two knives returned somehow despite how their courses
were violently altered and Renri reached out as far as he could
with both hands to retrieve them. Deprived of the composure
needed to risk hooking it against his fingers, he narrowly brought
the lethal knives to a stop.
His two widely opened eyes caught sight of a figure, a single
goblin, languidly appearing from beyond the smokescreen.
Large.
92

Sword Art Online Volume 16 – Alicization Exploding
Chapter 18 – War of the Underworld

His height did not differ much from Renri whose body was at the
physical age of fifteen. However, the bulging muscles covering his
entire body and the burning murderous aura emanating from his
pair of yellow eyes were wholly different from the other goblins.
He wore riveted leather armor, perhaps for the sake of mobility as
it appeared light, and a massive hatchet dangled from his right
hand.
“…You’re their general?”
Renri asked in a soft voice.
“Yer. Chief of the mountain goblins, Kosogi.”
The goblin replied calmly and slowly looked about.
“Ah-ah, that’s one grand display you put on in killing them. To
think there was an integrity knight left behind all the way back
here. I didn’t expect that at all.”
It was not just his physique, but his manner of speech, too,
completely differed from the other goblins. Despite possessing an
intense, seething blood thirst, his high intelligence held that down.
—Not that it matters. He only got lucky and deflected the Twin
Edged Wings once, that won’t happen again.
Renri crossed his arms before himself and shouted.
“Your war will end here!!”
He threw them as fast as he could, with all he had.
The right edge soared down at an angle as the left grazed the
ground as it sprang upwards, accurately flying towards Kosogi’s
neck. Still.
Once again, all that rang out was a shrill, clear metallic noise.
The enemy general, Kosogi, shifted the hatchet quickly enough for
it to turn into a grey blur and splendidly warded off the
simultaneous attack from left and right.
He barely caught the deflected throwing knives.
93

Sword Art Online Volume 16 – Alicization Exploding
Chapter 18 – War of the Underworld

—Why!? The Twin Edged Wings should be enough to slice
through that goblin’s weapon…!
Shocked, Renri’s sight was drawn in towards Kosogi’s hatchet.
Though its make was coarse like the machetes the goblin soldiers
had equipped, the tint of its blade differed. That was not a product
of primitive casting. It had a sharp blade with high priority, forged
over much time with tempered steel.
Perhaps having seen through Renri’s astonishment, Kosogi
brought the hatchet before his face as he grinned.
“This? It’s a prototype, but it’s quite well done, right? There was
blood spilt in order to steal the materials and methods from the
Order of the Dark Knights. But you see… that’s not the only reason
why your attacks are being blocked, knight kid.”
“……Then how about this?!”
He swung both hands straight up. The throwing knives that
soared into the dark night skies vanished from the enemy’s sight
and drew a great arc as they assailed from behind. Deflecting this
would be—
“……!!”
His conviction immediately fell apart. The goblin chief named
Kosogi swung the hatchet behind and deflected the knives
travelling at extreme speeds without even looking, of all things.
Renri failed to perfectly catch the returning knives, wobbling
unsteadily, and suffered a cut on the middle finger of his left hand.
However, the situation gave him no time to even feel that pain.
“They’re light, kid. And that noise too.”
Kosogi’s short lines covered every single one of the Twin Edged
Wings’ weaknesses.
The weight of each throwing knife was unbelievably light for a
weapon considered a divine instrument.
94

Sword Art Online Volume 16 – Alicization Exploding
Chapter 18 – War of the Underworld

That was only natural given its pursuit for only sharpness and
rotational energy, but as a result, it could not cut down by force
any opponent with a defense of sufficient priority to handle its
velocity.
In addition, the knives that spun at high speeds as they flew
exhibited a distinctive noise as they sliced through the air. It was
within the realm of possibility for someone who had trained their
hearing to predict the trajectories.
Renri shuddered at Kosogi’s intellect, seeing through that much
after watching his attacks only those few times. To think a goblin,
a crude, inferior demi-human could—
“And that’s just a goblin… your face’s speaking, kid.”
Showing a grin that appeared somewhat depressed, Kosogi
whispered.
“But in my case, I would like to say this. You’re supposed to be
some great esteemed knight, right? Some integrity knight capable
of facing against a thousand… that’s what I heard, but looks like
it’s different for you? That’s why you’re hiding all the way back
here, aren’t you?”
“…Yeah, that’s it.”
It was his mistake in the first place to make light of the enemy
before himself as some goblin. Understanding that, Renri
abandoned his bluff and nodded.
“I’m a failure of a knight. But still… make no mistake. I’m the
failure here, not this.”
He brought the silver edges held between his fingers in both
hands before his face.
The Twin Edged Wings’ weaknesses. The one method to rid it of
them would be the integrity knight’s secret art, the armament full
control art.

95

Sword Art Online Volume 16 – Alicization Exploding
Chapter 18 – War of the Underworld

This divine instrument was said to be once a pair of divine birds
who had respectively lost their left and right wings. Unable to fly
with a single wing, they joined together and soared higher than
any of the other birds could go and flew on for close to an eternity.
That legend gave birth to a small, stinging wound deep in Renri’s
heart without his own notice.
The one he cherished in those memories robbed from him
through the Synthesis Ritual.
The childhood friend he crossed swords against in the final match
of the Four Empires Unity Tournament and stole the life of by
accident at the end of that battle surpassing all other.
He and Renri were truly a pair of birds. They had competed
against each other for as far back as they could recall and even
after moving to the central capital from their village, they broke
through all trials while relying on each other for mental support,
reaching that ultimate stage.
But their wings broke there.
Even with his memories sealed and him turned into an integrity
knight, the gigantic sense of loss in Renri’s heart remained
unfilled. Having lost the courage to take up the sword to fight and
the joy of connecting, heart-to-heart, with another, Renri could not
possibly have called awake those two divine birds soaring with
their wings joined.
But.
That black-haired youth he met on this battlefield who had
suffered more than anyone else and the two swords he held in his
arm.
The warmth light emanating from one of those spoke to Renri in a
mute voice.
Things existed in this world that remained even after one’s life
came to an end.
96

Sword Art Online Volume 16 – Alicization Exploding
Chapter 18 – War of the Underworld

Those were memories. Recollections.
Connections between hearts allowed for one’s life to be succeeded
by another, and yet another. Without end, as long as the world
continued on.
Renri averted his sight from the goblin general, approaching with
an expression certain of victory, and gently lowered his eyelids.
The young knight appeared as though he had given on everything
before his body let loose an abrupt tempest of his spirit as a
swordsman. His two eyes flickered open. His two arms, gripping
onto the two metal knives, intersected as though to conceal the
bottom half of his face.
“——Fly, Twin Wings!!”
Those arms swiped horizontally along with that shout. The two
soaring streaks of light traced a steep arc and assailed Kosogi from
the right and left.
“You can keep trying… but it’s useless!!”
The goblin chief brandished his hatchet and deflected the
throwing knives with all his strength.
Shrill, metallic noise accompanied crimson sparks. The two knives
bounced away all too easily, but they took off back into the skies
without falling onto the ground. Just like two nestled birds, they
drew a helix as they intertwined, joining ever closer.
It was then, when the knives came together.
“Release… recollection!!”
Rather than the armament full control art, Renri cried out loud the
phrase for the true secret art surpassing it, the «recollection
release art».
A pure white radiance illuminated the valley.
The two facing metal knives united at their apexes within the light
and became one.
97

Sword Art Online Volume 16 – Alicization Exploding
Chapter 18 – War of the Underworld

Revolving gently, the knife that had now become a cross glittered
bluish like a distant star in the night sky. The divine instrument,
the Twin Edged Wings, released.
Renri slowly reached his right hand towards his other self, still
releasing light from far above.
—Beautiful.
—Just like me together… with—
He gripped, tightly, the right hand that he had raised so high.
The crossed knife began rotating with tremendous force. The
noise of it cutting through the air grew steeply before eventually
disappearing as it exceeded the audible spectrum.
Renri leisurely swung down that right hand.
The Twin Edged Wings slid through space soundlessly as a disc of
light towards the goblin.
“It’s… no use!!”
Roaring, Kosogi slashed the hatchet at the Twin Edged Wings’
assault from the sky above in a bid to knock it down.
However, it occurred a moment before the thick steel went up
against the ultrathin knife. The divine instrument rapidly altered
its prior trajectory and leapt vertically for a moment before
accelerating downwards once more after the hatchet swiped
through empty air.
Khh.
It was a dry, quiet noise.
A bluish-white streak surged through the middle of Kosogi’s
figure, trained to the extremes, in the very next instant.
“Gaaahh!!”

98

Sword Art Online Volume 16 – Alicization Exploding
Chapter 18 – War of the Underworld

Kosogi leapt at Renri with a savage roar. But the right half of his
body fell behind the left. He ran a step or two before his body
separated fully, crashing towards the right and left.

99

Sword Art Online Volume 16 – Alicization Exploding
Chapter 18 – War of the Underworld

100

Sword Art Online Volume 16 – Alicization Exploding
Chapter 18 – War of the Underworld

On the verge of his death, Kosogi pondered on the cause of his
defeat with his excellent intellect.
Going by his preconceptions, it would mean that puny, budding
knight hid bloodthirst and desires greater than him. However, no
matter how hard he stared with his divided vision, he could
discern no bloodthirst at all on the knight’s childlike face.
—Then, what had I lost to?
Though the desire to know overwhelmed him, that was but a
moment before complete darkness engulfed his vision.
Upon receiving the returning Twin Edged Wings with both hands,
they separated without a sound and returned to how they were.
Renri silently stared at the two knives unstained by even a drop of
blood.
It was not as if his sealed memories came back to him. In the first
place, Renri had no notion that his memories were sealed.
Yet still, Renri affirmed the remnants of memories, sparse as they
were, of another person whom his heart had joined with once. He
thought that sufficient for now.
After shutting his eyes for a moment, he flicked his head upwards
in realization. There should have been many goblin soldiers
waiting behind the enemy general, Kosogi. Yet it was strangely
quiet.
Focusing his eyes beyond the finally clearing smokescreen, Renri
noticed countless corpses heaped upon each other. They were all
those of the enemy troops who should have been still alive
minutes ago. Surprise took him as he wondered who could have
done it.
“…You’re looking a little more like a knight now, aren’t you?”
Hearing that voice, he flusteredly turned his body about.

101

Sword Art Online Volume 16 – Alicization Exploding
Chapter 18 – War of the Underworld

The person trotting in from his right was the apprentice knight,
Fizel Synthesis Twenty-eight. Linel Synthesis Twenty-nine was
present beside her too. It must have been this pair who took care
of the remaining enemy troops.
He stood stock still, not knowing how to reply, and Linel, with her
hair in pigtails, snorted before carrying out an embellished knight
salute.
“Esteemed High Ranking Knight, we await your orders.”
That must have been part sarcasm, but it was still better than
scorn. Renri cleared his throat before asking of the pair.
“…Are Tiezé and the rest safe?”
“Yep. They joined up with the supply unit.”
As Fizel nodded, he let out a relieved sigh and nodded.
“What about the enemy soldiers who got past?”
“We took care of all of them.”
Linel replied this time.
“Then… I’ll return to my unit, so it would be for the best if the two
of you did the same.”
“Okaay.” “Understood.”
After seeing off the apprentice knights who turned about with
absolutely no sign of exhaustion from the combat and rushed off,
he turned his eyes towards the rows of tents behind once more.
……Thank you.
Expressing his gratitude in his heart to the two female trainees
and that young swordsman, Renri Synthesis Twenty-seven the
high ranking integrity knight began running towards the east to
join up with the left flank of the second unit.

102

Sword Art Online Volume 16 – Alicization Exploding
Chapter 18 – War of the Underworld

3
At the back of the Dark Territory’s second army, stationed roughly
five hundred mel from the valley where the fierce battles
continued.
A tall woman in a revealing outfit stood on the second floor of a
four-wheeled carriage, luxurious enough even if inferior to
Emperor Vector’s earth dragon war vehicle, with her arms folded.
She was one of the Ten Lords of the land of darkness, head of the
Dark Arts Users’ Guild, Dee Ai El.
The black-clothed messenger arts user waiting at her side looked
up at her master as she reported in a low voice.
“Sigrosig-dono, Shibori-dono, and Kosogi-dono have all been lost
in the battle.”
Dee’s lips curved in that instant and she spat out.
“Ugh, how useless… I suppose that’s as far as those stupid demihumans could go.”
She took a glance at the necklace dangling on her captivating
breasts. With twelve precious stones set on the silver circle, it was
a treasured divine instrument that told the time through their
fluctuating hues. The six o’clock stone lit orange and the seven
o’clock stone was still dark. In other words, only a mere twenty
minutes or so had passed since the battle began at six in the
evening.
“Have those integrity knights’ positions been uncovered?”
She asked, making no effort to hide her irritation, and the
messenger arts user chanted a short art and listened to the art
users lurking on the battlefield before replying.
“We have visual sight on three at the frontmost lines. We have
found two in the rear, but confirming their positions will still
require time.”
103

Sword Art Online Volume 16 – Alicization Exploding
Chapter 18 – War of the Underworld

“Still five? Or perhaps their numbers are simply few…? Still, we
must be sure to slaughter those five…”
Dee muttered to herself with a ruthless expression, far from the
coquettish behavior she put up before the emperor, and gave an
order after slight thought.
“Fine, release the minions. Make the commands…”
Squinting, she judged the distance to the collapsed Great Gate and
the war front beyond it before continuing.
“…«fly seven hundred mel», «descend onto ground», and
«unrestrained annihilation».”
“I believe the demi-human forces at the frontmost line will be
swallowed up with that distance?”
“That’s of no issue.”
She decided in an apathetic manner.
The female messenger arts user, too, showed no emotion and
nodded with an “understood” before asking again.
“How many shall we send? We currently have a total of eight
hundred incubated and all available here.”
“Hmm, let’s see…”
Dee took several more moments as she pondered.
She felt minions, requiring many resources and much time in their
production, to be far more important than those goblins in terms
of fighting strength. Though she wanted to exercise prudence
wherever possible, the emperor would certainly be displeased if
Dee’s proposal to [annihilate the enemy’s main force through a
concentrated volley of arts from behind] were to fail.
“…All eight hundred.”
A cruel smile made its way onto those lips that issued that order.

104

Sword Art Online Volume 16 – Alicization Exploding
Chapter 18 – War of the Underworld

D. hid an ambition. To achieve victory in this battle and obtain that
«radiant medium» person, and thus, to succeed the position of
emperor from Dark God Vector who had returned to the earthly
realm for absolute rule over the entire Underworld.
Upon taking the throne, she could create thousands, tens of
thousands of minions if she so wished. Her greatest obstacle, the
Dark General Shasta, had already died and the only ones with
power remaining were the merchants, interested only in money,
and the pugilists, interested only in battle. The realization of her
ambition could be said to be imminent.
She would succeed in subjugating the entire world, a feat
unaccomplished by even that half-god, half-human Highest
Minister Administrator, and get her hands on that art for eternal
Life said to be concealed at the stronghold of the Axiom Church.
Perpetual youth and immortality. Everlasting beauty.
Sweet shudders crept their way up D.’s back. Her scarlet tongue
dabbed at her lips painted blue.
It was about then when the orders from the messenger arts user
dispersed through the Dark Arts Users’ Guild at the front lines and
those pitch-black golems, manifestations of darkness given wings,
flew off as one.
As the light from the torches shone upon her glossy skin, the eight
hundred minions rose and flew straight through the gorge as
commanded.
***
—They’re here.
A wide grin carved itself on Knight Commander Bercouli’s lips that
have been pursed like some sculpture since the battle began.

105

Sword Art Online Volume 16 – Alicization Exploding
Chapter 18 – War of the Underworld

He sensed many aviating soldiers intruding the range of the
armament full control art he maintained in the skies right before
the Great Gate.
Those were not flying dragons with dark knights astride. They
appeared to be those minions, cold as mud and devoid of soul.
However, it was too soon to invoke it. He would pull the minions
released by the enemy in until they were all swallowed within his
«slashing space».
Bercouli’s keen senses had already perceived the tough battles
Fanatio and Deusolbert went through, as well as how Renri
awakened even if he had fled temporarily.
With the three generals of the invading army’s vanguard defeated,
there was no worry they would lose their hold on the battle line.
Next, if only the seventh high ranking knight on stand-by in the
sky were to render the enemy’s long range arts futile by
exhausting every last bit of the space sacred energy, the unhurt
second unit of the Defense Army would be capable of intercepting
the enemy’s main force, the Order of the Dark Knights and the
Pugilists’ Guild.
Bercouli had predicted his true role to arrive after that.
It was not to fight, one-to-one, against his arch rival of many years,
Dark General Shasta.
Bercouli had already sensed Shasta’s absence from the enemy’s
main force. The immense spirit he felt vanishing far in the east
days ago—that must have been that master swordsman’s final
moment.
As the most senior integrity knight, having lived through
practically countless years and months, Bercouli no longer grieved
and mourned for those bound by Life. Still, the death of Shasta, the
one he hoped capable of reconciling the land of darkness and
Human Empire without bloodshed, filled him with chagrin and
nothing else.
106

Sword Art Online Volume 16 – Alicization Exploding
Chapter 18 – War of the Underworld

With things as they were, he would simply have to cut down the
one who ended Shasta’s life, the owner of this presence that felt
like a frigid emptiness—that unknown enemy supreme
commander likely leading the Dark Territory army—by his own
hands to avenge his death.
Or perhaps his own life would end there, Bercouli thought.
Still, he no longer felt even a fragment of attachment towards life.
He would simply die when the time came.
Bercouli had thought that incarnation released by that lower
ranking knight under Fanatio on the verge of death to be
admirable, and felt slight envy from it too.
But naturally, this was no time for such.
The slashing area had, at last, devoured every single one of the
swarm of minions tearing through the dark skies above as they
advanced.
Bercouli’s two eyes flashed open and gently swung up his
cherished sword, the «Time Piercing Sword», that was thrust in
the ground.
“——Cut!!”
He slashed the empty air with its naked blade with that brief
shout.
At that, endless dazzling white rays of light joined together as they
traced out a three-dimensional grid in the sky beyond.
Following a grand, bizarre cacophony of death cries, darkness
rained upon the heads of the enemy demi-human forces like a
waterfall. The weak poison in the minions’ blood spurred on the
confusion among the forces that had lost their generals.
***

107

Sword Art Online Volume 16 – Alicization Exploding
Chapter 18 – War of the Underworld

Ominous premonitions seized D. right as she heard a faintly
startled ring in the messenger arts user’s voice which had
persisted in its utter lack of emotion thus far. Only to be realized a
second later.
“Lamentably, Your Excellency… it appears the eight hundred
minions have been all annihilated before they landed.”
“Wha……”
She lost her words.
The shattering noise following that was a shriek from the
expensive crystal cup struck against the carriage’s flooring.
“How could it be?! I had never heard of any force capable of arts
on this scale among the enemy!”
In the first place, it would be near impossible to massacre eight
hundred minions with only arts. As they were largely produced
with clay, they held high resistance against thermal and cryogenic
arts. A slash from a sharp blade would be most effective, but the
infantry units’ swords could never reach the minions in the air.
“…The enemy has yet to release their flying dragons?”
D. asked, somehow bringing her rage under control. The
messenger arts user confirmed with her head still lowered.
“Yes. We have yet to confirm even a single flying dragon at the
current moment.”
“In that case… it’s that? The trump card belonging to those
integrity knights… the «armament full control art». Still… to think
it’s capable of…”
Saying no more, she grinded her bared canine teeth together.
Like Dark General Shasta, D., too, had attempted to collect
information regarding the secret arts concealed by the integrity
knights. However, it was near impossible to witness some
precedent on such a scale.
108

Sword Art Online Volume 16 – Alicization Exploding
Chapter 18 – War of the Underworld

She could explain it with nothing more than the synergy between
the divine instrument and the knight’s own strength.
“That said, using their weapons in such a way should consume
much of their Life. Continuous usage shouldn’t be…”
It was when D. muttered so as her thoughts whirled about at full
speed.
Having listened to a report from the frontlines, the messenger arts
user’s head shot up and she conveyed it with a voice that had
regained some of its strength.
“Your Excellency, the tracing of the two integrity knights in the
rear has been completed. In total, we have the five targets within
sight.”
“…Good.”
Nodding, she gave it more thought.
The most uncertain element was whether to send in the second
main force of the army, the Order of the Dark Knights and the
Pugilists’ Guild in order to further debilitate the enemy’s
armament full control art. Another choice would be to invoke their
trump card, the Dark Arts Users’ Guild now and to settle the war
in one blow.
It was in D.’s original character to be wary, to carefully work out a
plan and to eliminate any obstacle before putting it into action.
However, the unexpected loss of her eight hundred treasured
minions in an instant drove her into an unconscious uneasiness.
Filling up a new crystal cup with a dark purple wine, D. spoke to
herself.
—I am calm. This is the time for the first grasp at glory.
Raising the cup that she had drank down all at once, D.I.L. loudly
ordered.

109

Sword Art Online Volume 16 – Alicization Exploding
Chapter 18 – War of the Underworld

“Move out all of the ogres’ archer forces and the Dark Arts Users’
Guild! Enter the gorge and begin reciting the «Wide-area
Incineration Arrows» art!!”
***
Kurururu…
The voice produced from her throat was shrill and sounded
somehow forlorn. The flying dragon, «Amayori», encouraged her
master.
Integrity Knight Alice forced a mild smile onto her lips and
whispered.
“I am fine, there is no need to worry.”
However, she was, in actual fact, not fine in the least. Her vision
strangely distorted, her breath rough, and her limbs icy cold. It
would not be odd for her to fall unconscious in the next moment.
The compressed, enormous art, possibly exploding at any
moment, that she had continuously chanted for immediately after
the battle began was not what exhausted Alice so.
It was what served as the source of sacred energy that art
consumed: the countless deaths.
Knights. Guards. Ascetics. The dread, grief, and despair from the
instant before they disappeared tormented Alice without pause.
Once, Alice would have paid no notice to the lives and deaths of
the Human Empire’s common folk, let alone those from the Dark
Territory.
She had lived in Rulid for half a year, understanding the
preciousness of the villagers’ modest yet earnest lives, and
recognized them as something worthy of protection, but that was
no cause for thinking the same of those living in the Dark Empire.

110

Sword Art Online Volume 16 – Alicization Exploding
Chapter 18 – War of the Underworld

In reality, Alice had annihilated the gang of goblins and orcs who
assaulted Rulid a mere ten days ago without the slightest
hesitation.
The dark forces were heartless invaders, an enemy to be
destroyed without mercy.
She accepted that without doubt until she assumed this duty
Bercouli assigned her to.
However.
How could it be—?
The sacred energy born from the Life of both armies’ fallen
soldiers in the battlefield below were of the exact same nature be
it from a human of the Human Empire or a demi-human. They
were all warm, pristine, and without any means at all to
distinguish their former selves.
Pondering on the reasons for that threw Alice into great turmoil.
What if, what if the Human Empire’s inhabitants and the land of
darkness’s monsters effectively possessed the same soul, differing
only in whether they were born on this side of the mountain range
or that?
Why, exactly, were they fighting against us?
“……Kirito. If only you were around…”
You might have found some other way; she stifled those words
without verbalizing them. She had to focus on the art now.
In the war council before battle began, Alice expressed her doubts
to Deputy Knight Commander Fanatio. On who could be the one
capable of using an art enormous enough to exhaust the vast
gorge of its space sacred energy.
Fanatio looked straight towards Alice at that and answered.
—That would be you, Alice Synthesis Thirty.

111

Sword Art Online Volume 16 – Alicization Exploding
Chapter 18 – War of the Underworld

—You may not have noticed, but your current strength exceeds
that of integrity knights. You should be capable of it as you are
now. The true power of the gods, to split the skies and tear the
earth asunder.
She thought she expected too much of herself then. Still, at the
same time, she felt that she had to accomplish this role even if it
meant her life in exchange. That it was her responsibility as the
one who pointed a sword at the highest minister and so drastically
altered the Axiom Church’s ruling structure.
Alice thought no further and focused solely on gathering the
sacred energy released in the gorge and converting that into the
art.
However, Alice felt tight in her heart and she could do nothing
about it as screams incessantly echoed through the gorge.
Die. Dying. Fathers; brothers; sisters; and children.
…Hurry.
Alice murmured into her heart.
She wished for «that time» to arrive even a second earlier. The
time to end this tragedy by giving birth to deaths far
outnumbering the current horrendous count—
***
The jumbled forces of mountain goblins, plains goblins, and giants
demi-humans making up the first unit of the invaders were a step
before going on a stampede.
The three chiefs had all died in battle. In other words, the knights
leading the enemy army were stronger than anyone among the
demi-human forces. «The strong shall rule»—that was the one and
only law engraved onto the souls of the Dark Territory’s
inhabitants.
112

Sword Art Online Volume 16 – Alicization Exploding
Chapter 18 – War of the Underworld

If this battle belonged only to the demi-humans, the soldiers
would have all surrendered as soon as their commander was
defeated.
What narrowly prevented that situation was the presence of the
god of darkness, Emperor Vector, who had descended into the
Dark Territory. The emperor was stronger than anyone among the
Ten Lords and it was still unknown if the knights of the Human
Empire were stronger.
Hence, the demi-humans could only follow their initial order and
continue with the momentum, earnestly swinging their blades
against the Human Empire Defense Army.
Utilizing the minutes gained from their desperate combat, the
Dark Territory army’s trump card, their long-range military force:
the ogres’ archer forces and D.’s Dark Arts Users’ Guild advanced
to a position barely before the crumbled Great Gate.
The plan was to have the three thousand strong ogre unit ready
their massive crossbows in front and the dark arts users, also
three thousand strong, chant their offensive arts behind. The one
assuming overall command was not the ogre chief, Fulgrr, but an
adept arts user close to D.
That arts user listened to the commands coming in from the rear
and nodded once before shouting.
“Ogre unit, ready your crossbow! Arts unit, begin chanting for the
«Wide-area Incineration Arrows» ceremony!! Spotters, begin
chanting the marking art for the enemy integrity knights’
coordinates!!”
The wide-area incineration arrows referred to a large-scale
annihilation art designed by D.I.L. for the sake of this plan.
Converting all of the space darkness energy filling the battlefield
into thermal elements, they would then achieve firing it at long
distances by affixing them onto the ogres’ arrows. As it consumed
no darkness energy through transformation phrases like «bird
shape» or «arrow shape», the output should far exceed their
expectations.
113

Sword Art Online Volume 16 – Alicization Exploding
Chapter 18 – War of the Underworld

It was the mightiest offensive art in history, absent from the «age
of blood and iron» and possible now only because the races fought
together under Emperor Vector.
In addition, D. had prepared a careful plan to make use of arts
users excelling in aerial elemental arts as spotters, creating «wind
paths» for concentrated fire on the enemy army’s main force, the
integrity knights. If all of the incineration arrows impacted upon a
single point, it should result in an attack of extreme priority that
not even that Highest Minister Administrator could guard against
perfectly.
That was the exact situation that the Sage Cardinal once feared,
the «strength of many overwhelming the strength of one».
***
Amayori let out yet another low growl.
However, this time was one to warn, with a sharp roar mixed in.
Alice mustered her will, taking back her consciousness that had
begun to fade, and stared hard towards the twilight far in front.
—They are here!!
Fresh troops approached at a controlled, steady pace from beyond
the demi-human forces still brawling with the Defense Army. She
could see no metallic glint. They were likely the long ranged attack
unit—the Dark Territory’s Dark Arts Users’ Guild.
They were the ones Knight Commander Bercouli was most
vigilant towards, those who held sufficient destructive power to
sweep away the Human Empire Defense Army in one strike.
However, the same could be said of Knight Alice.
Alice had been chanting for a large-scale art. It was conceptualized
after hearing of Deputy Commander Fanatio’s battle against Kirito,
what might be called a «reflected light amplification» art.
114

Sword Art Online Volume 16 – Alicization Exploding
Chapter 18 – War of the Underworld

With the mass of space sacred energy, sourced from the countless
lives lost to the fighting, as a base, Alice first changed the shape of
crystal elements and created a gigantic glass ball measuring three
mel across.
Next, she created a thick metal film with metallic elements and
shielded the entire glass ball.
The product was a «sealed mirror». Placing that onto the fitting
gap between Amayori’s wings on her back, she pushed both hands
onto its smooth, curved surface, and sealed in luminous elements
generated from the constantly produced space sacred energy.
Element preservation.
That was a basic yet ultimate technique that many high ranking
art users racked their minds over since ancient times.
Without constantly fixing one’s mind onto them, generated
elements like thermal, cryogenic, and aerial elements would drift
about the area on their own volition and eventually vanish,
scattering as hot or cold air. Simultaneously, there was an upper
limit to the number of elements maintained, fixed to the terminals
the arts user possessed: the number of fingers on their two hands.
Chief Elder Chudelkin used his unique physique to stand upsidedown with his head alone and made the toes on his two feet into
terminals as well to maintain twenty elements. Furthermore,
Highest Minister Administrator turned her silver hair into
terminals through some technique, allowing her to concurrently
handle over a hundred elements.
That said, Alice could emulate neither of those techniques. To
begin with, ten or even a hundred would not suffice for this
situation. The enemy dark arts users numbered three thousand—
even if they each maintained five elements on average, their total
would actually exceed fifteen thousand.
Hence, Alice explored means to maintain the produced elements
without the need to focus on them. What first came to mind was to
set them into some vessel.
115

Sword Art Online Volume 16 – Alicization Exploding
Chapter 18 – War of the Underworld

That said, the standard elements for offensive arts, thermal and
cryogenic, would instantly disappear upon coming into contact
with some material, heating it up or cooling it down.
However, an idea came to Alice when she heard about how Kirito
had reflected the light from Fanatio’s divine instrument, the
«Heaven Piercing Sword», with a mirror created from just thermal
and crystal elements in the fight on the cathedral’s fiftieth floor.
If light did no more than rebound upon touching a mirror—she
would only have to produce a fully sealed mirror.
And if she were to generate luminous elements within it.
It could, theoretically, maintain an infinite number of luminous
elements until the mirror’s Life expired.
***
The crossbow, drawn to their limits, by the brawny ogre archers
creaked as they were pointed towards the dim sky.
In order to ignite the innumerous arrowheads, gleaming dully, the
three thousand dark arts users held their hands up high as they
recited the opening phrase as one.
“““System call!!“”””
The incantation consisting only of female voices could be called
only a chorus of death. Intoxicated by the immense power it was
to be, the arts users sang the next phrase.
“““Generate thermal element!!“””
Faint red particles flickered as they lit up on their lithe fingers—
Yet it was but an instant before they turned dull, extinguishing
after letting out a modest puff of smoke.

116

Sword Art Online Volume 16 – Alicization Exploding
Chapter 18 – War of the Underworld

The adept arts user commanding the unit could not immediately
understand what had happened and recited the incantations once
more. But the result remained the same.
Surprise overcame her while bewildered voices from her
subordinates reached her ears.
“We cannot create the thermal elements!”
“We cannot initiate the «Wide-area Incineration Arrows»
ceremony at this rate!”
She scanned the surroundings in pursuit of the cause of the
phenomenon and her close aide nearby timidly opened her mouth
to speak.
“C-Commander… shouldn’t it be due to a lack of space darkness
energy…?”
“H-How could that possibly be?!!”
The commander shouted out in shock. She pointed at the
frontlines in the distance with the left hand on which she wore
numerous rings.
“Do you not hear those screams!? Don’t you see those humans and
demi-humans dying?! Just where do you think all of their lives
could have vanished off to?!!”
No one had an answer to that question. The ogre archers, too,
grew irritated with the command to fire delay and could simply
continue to keep their crossbows drawn.
***
The time had arrived.
Alice shut her eyes for a moment and prayed.
She would personally shoulder the sin of robbing many of their
lives for the sake of one.
117

Sword Art Online Volume 16 – Alicization Exploding
Chapter 18 – War of the Underworld

The silver sphere with a diameter of three mel on Amayori’s
sturdy back had its pressure raised to its maximum. Pulling away
the two hands in contact with it, she drew her sword from the left
of her waist.
“—Bloom, flowers! Enhance armament!”
Her sonorous shout divided the blade of her divine instrument,
the «Fragrant Olive Sword», in countless small orbs. Maneuvering
the golden yellow swarm, she instructed the knight dragon.
“Amayori, lower your head!”
Following her orders, the flying dragon inclined forward. The
silver sphere quietly rolled and tumbled off the dragon’s head into
the air after one revolution. Carefully catching it with the small
orbs, she adjusted it until a certain point on the silver sphere was
directed diagonally downwards.
Alignment… set.
Drawing in a breath, she whispered.
“…Burst element.”
An incantation far too short and plain for an art holding such
terrifying power.
The silver, reflective sphere was made with one spot thinner on
purpose.
Focusing the immense light and heat from the countless exploding
luminous elements onto that one point, the silver film and glass
liquefied into a crimson red—
Letting them loose into the world outside with a shrill explosion.
Fanatio stood in a daze, looking up towards «that» from the
ground, while she thought about how it must hold a might
thousands of times stronger than the light ray produced by the
Heaven Piercing Sword’s armament full control art.

118

Sword Art Online Volume 16 – Alicization Exploding
Chapter 18 – War of the Underworld

The guards and knights aside from her were simply awed by what
they believed was Solus’s might.
The pure white pillar measuring five mel wide fell upon the earth
from the skies with extreme speed and stabbed in between the
demi-human forces. It then made its way farther into the gorge as
though nudged gently—
A roaring symphony of several thousand bells rang out as the
waves of heat and light grew to encompass the entire width of the
gorge. It became a towering pillar of fire immediately after,
practically touching the mountain range at the edge, and dyed the
night skies red.

119

Sword Art Online Volume 16 – Alicization Exploding
Chapter 18 – War of the Underworld

120

Sword Art Online Volume 16 – Alicization Exploding
Chapter 18 – War of the Underworld

***
D. chuckled upon seeing the absurd explosions almost close
enough for her hands to reach, in belief that it was the result of
her own strategy.
However, the heat wave surging forwards at her four-wheeled
carriage from the gorge wiped that smile off.
The burnt, charred wind brought her tidings. The screams of the
demi-human units and the dark arts users D. personally raised as
they perished.
The messenger arts user reported hoarsely as D. stood in silence.
“…Due to the unknown deficiency of space darkness energy, we
were unable to set off the «Wide-area Incineration Arrows»
ceremony… immediately after, the unidentified large-scale attack
launched by the enemy forces appears to have wiped out ninety
percent of the demi-human units, seventy percent of the ogre
archers, and also… over thirty percent of the dark arts users
units…”
“Unknown deficiency…?”
D.’s frame trembled, boiling over with anger at last, as she
exclaimed.
“We clearly know why! It’s that ridiculous art that sucked up
every last drop of space darkness energy in the gorge!! Still… I
can’t believe it, an art on such a scale is impossible for me… the
deceased highest minister must be the only one capable of it!! So
tell me, who was the one behind it!?”
Despite her rant, naturally enough, there were no answers to be
had.
How could she find a way out of this situation—or rather, how
should she report this to Emperor Vector?

121

Sword Art Online Volume 16 – Alicization Exploding
Chapter 18 – War of the Underworld

The one boasting the greatest intellect among all in the Dark
Empire, D.I.L., could do no more than breathe raggedly.
***
Assailed by the recoil from firing that exceptionally great art and
the tragedies born from it, Alice returned the Fragrant Olive
Sword to its scabbard immediately before collapsing onto
Amayori’s back.
The flying dragon gently accepted its master before tracing slow
spirals as it descended onto the frontmost lines of the Human
Defense Army.
The first one to rush in was Deputy Knight Commander Fanatio.
Reaching out both arms, she caught Alice who slipped off her
dragon.
“…That art and display of incarnation was magnificent, Alice.”
Somehow raising her eyelids at that truly touched voice, Alice saw
the gorge with its surface still burning red as well as the shadows
of the enemy survivors fleeing in a frenzy. She could hardly find
any corpses. They must have been disintegrated by the initial ray
of light or blown apart without a trace by the following explosions.
She could not bring herself to feel any pride over the far too
ruthless destruction.
Still, cheers surged in like a tidal waves from the surrounding
guards straight away. They eventually streamed together and
turned into cries of triumph as they continued.
While listening to the cheers for the Order of the Integrity Knights
and the Axiom Church, Alice finally let out a choked breath and
lifted her body which was supported by Fanatio. The deputy
knight commander showed a tired smile and gave a deep nod.
“The enemy has retreated. You have led us to victory.”
122

Sword Art Online Volume 16 – Alicization Exploding
Chapter 18 – War of the Underworld

Responding to those words with a smile as well, Alice stiffened
her expression and spoke.
“Fanatio-dono, the war has yet to end. Please prevent the fresh
sacred energy from the earlier art from being reused by the
enemy and spend them on healing arts.”
“That’s true… they still do have their main forces, the Order of the
Dark Knights and the Pugilists’ Guild at the peak of their health.”
The black-haired beauty nodded and raised her voice with a trace
of fatigue that even she could not hide.
“Good, all who can move, retreat to the second unit and bring the
wounded along! If you’re from the ascetics unit or even a guard
with knowledge of healing arts, treat the wounded with all you
have until the space energy runs out! Do not take your eyes off the
enemy forces’ movements!”
Her concise orders resounded and the guards swiftly got started.
The starting phrase for sacred arts could be repeatedly heard
from behind.
“I will report to His Excellency, the knight commander. Can I
entrust this place under you?”
Alice nodded and Fanatio showed another smile before leaving,
half running. As people left, Alice was left alone at the frontmost
lines with Amayori.
Having sent off the deputy knight commander, Alice took several
steps and scratched the underside of her cherished dragon’s chin
while she gently whispered.
“You have done a great job, too, Amayori. It must have been tiring
staying still in that one place. Be sure to eat up after you return to
your bedding.”
The flying dragon purred happily, flitted up as it beat its wings,
and glided towards its peers all the way in the rear.

123

Sword Art Online Volume 16 – Alicization Exploding
Chapter 18 – War of the Underworld

Now then, time to go to the wounded’s aid. Alice took a step with
that in mind.
“……Master.”
The low voice belonged to Knight Eldrie.
What Alice saw when she turned about to commend her only
disciple was the youth’s grim figure despite his usual unrestrained
and slick self.
The sword in his right hand and the whip in his left hand were
dyed red and black with the copious blood coating them. That was
not all. His silver armor and once-glossy light purple curly hair
were in a terrible state, too, from the blood of his victims. Just how
did the battle go to reduce him to such a condition?
“Eh… Eldrie! Are you unharmed!?”
She asked with her breath held and the knight slowly concurred
with a somewhat empty expression.
“…Yes, I have not suffered any heavy injuries. Still… I should have
just thrown this life away in battle…”
“What are you saying? You have a mission to lead the guards until
this war ends…”
“I did not complete that mission.”
The young integrity knight muttered in a cracked voice.
Alice could not have known, but after the smokescreen tactic
made Eldrie let the mountain goblins through the defensive line, it
took several whole minutes of futile effort at clearing it without
arts before he finally could lead the guards to chase after the
goblins assaulting the rear.
That said, by then, the chief of the mountain goblins, Kosogi, was
already defeated by Integrity Knight Renri, mostly branded as a
failure of a knight.
124

Sword Art Online Volume 16 – Alicization Exploding
Chapter 18 – War of the Underworld

Deprived even of a chance to regain his honor, Eldrie lost his cool
and massacred every last one of the fleeing goblins—before
looking up at the godlike art launched by his master, Alice, from
above.
“I have betrayed… your expectations, Alice-sama…”
Returning the Frost Scale Whip to his waist, Eldrie grabbed his
own face with his left hand.
“How can I… this foolish… pathetic… disgraceful… person be a
knight…?!”
And how could he [protect his master]?
The power of that art, comparable to natural disasters. They were
too far apart. In every sense.
She never did need him. His master, that prodigious knight, never
needed some halfwit like himself. He had nothing he excelled it, be
it swordsmanship, arts proficiency, or the full control art; and his
foolishness in having a bunch of goblins outwit him was in full
display.
To even think he could obtain his master’s heart… her love with
such a sorry sight; such a thought would be an insult.
“I… have no right to name myself as your disciple, Alice-sama!”
Eldrie screamed in agony.
“You… you have done well!”
Alice somehow got that out her mouth despite her bewilderment.
Just what had happened to Eldrie? Though there was moderate
confusion at the frontlines, had he not kept the casualties caused
by the enemy low?
“You are necessary to me, the Defense Army, and the people of the
Human Empire too. Why do you insult yourself so?”

125

Sword Art Online Volume 16 – Alicization Exploding
Chapter 18 – War of the Underworld

Despite asking in a tone as gentle as she could muster, the
depression in Eldrie’s eyes remained. The blotches of split blood
on his cheeks quivered as the knight mumbled at a muffled
volume.
“Necessary… Do you mean, for my power? Or do……”
He could not finish his words.
An abrupt, bizarre growl shook the air and both Alice and Eldrie
simultaneously turned to look.
“Fgrrrr…”
A damp, throaty noise reminiscent of a menacing wolf. Alice
opened her eyes widely and focused them on the darkness farther
into the gorge.
Spots throughout the valley were still illuminated by the
smoldering flames and a humongous shadow weakly stood up
there.
It was no human. Its legs bent at a peculiar angle; its back was
strangely slender; its brawny upper body leaned forward. The
head atop of them all was, simply put, that of a wolf. It had to be a
demi-human from the Dark Territory, one from the ogre race.
Though Alice swiftly stretched her right hand towards her
precious sword’s grip, she immediately noticed the foe was
unarmed. And that was putting it lightly as the left half of its figure
was terribly charred with thin smoke rising from it. It must have
suffered those heavy burns from the white-hot light ray. Still, why
had it not retreated like its surviving comrades?
She confirmed the situation in the area: the guards were still all
back at the rear, leaving Alice and Eldrie alone. Alice questioned in
a sharp tone while keeping vigilant against the ogre’s actions.
“…You must not have much Life remaining. Why are you standing
there unarmed?”
The demi-human replied that with an anguished growl.
126

Sword Art Online Volume 16 – Alicization Exploding
Chapter 18 – War of the Underworld

“…Grr… I am the ogre chief, Fulgrr……”
The manner in which he stated his name made his long tongue
hang out while panting exhaustedly.
Alice put strength into the hand holding onto the grip. If he was
the ogre chief, that made him one of the Ten Lords in the Dark
Empire, a general for the enemy forces. In that case, did he really
come for an attack with the last of his strength?
However, the ogre continued with surprisingly words.
“Saw, you. That, light art… launched by, you. That power, that
figure…. you, «radiant medium». Grr… you, bring… war, end. Ogre,
return, grasslands…”
What—was it saying?
Radiant medium? The war would end…?
Alice gleaned no meaning from it at all; still, her intuition told her
the information she received was important. She had to question
more. Just who was this radiant medium? And where was he to
bring it?
However, the ogre halted there.
“Damn you… you have no right to speak, you beast!!”
Eldrie was the one who screamed. Raising the bloody sword in his
right hand up high, he tried to cut straight down at the ogre chief.
That blade never did swing down, however.
Alice who practically teleported forward had Eldrie’s sword
grasped between the fingers on her right hand and stopped the
slash with all her strength.
“Ma… Master, why!?”
Though her disciple let those words escape, going limp onto his
knees, she had no time to reply. Alice let go of the sword before
slowly approaching the standing, still ogre.
127

Sword Art Online Volume 16 – Alicization Exploding
Chapter 18 – War of the Underworld

A closer look showed that the demi-human’s wounds were not
just heavy but fatal. He was charred black from his left arm to his
chest and his left eyeball had turned a muddled white. Though she
judged him to be in a befuddled state, she still took caution as she
continued her questioning.
“—Indeed, I am the radiant medium. Now, where will you take
me? Who is the one asking for me?”
“…rrrr…”
The ogre’s intact eye shone with a dull light. His saliva, mixed with
blood, trickled down his long tongue.
“…Emperor… Vector said. Want only, radiant medium. Any wish,
granted for, one who caught medium. Ogres… return grasslands…
Raise horses… birds… live……”
—«Emperor Vector».
The name of the god of darkness passed down even in the Human
Empire’s legends. Had such a being descended onto the Dark
Territory? Had that god started the war in order to obtain this
«radiant medium»?
Alice made a note of the information received in her mind as she
turned a look of pity on the demi-human before her eyes.
The raw stench of craving the goblins emitted was nearly absent
from this warrior with the head of a wolf. He was simply made to
participate in the war and to draw his bow as ordered—only to
have most of his race perish without firing a single shot.
“…Do you bear no grudge towards me? I am the one who had
massacred your people.”
Alice could not help but ask despite lacking any reason to do so.
The ogre’s reply was plain.
“The strong need to… shoulder that strength. I, too… shoulder the
chief’s role. So… catch, you, bring… to……!”
128

Sword Art Online Volume 16 – Alicization Exploding
Chapter 18 – War of the Underworld

Grrrooohhh!!
A brutal roar suddenly bellowed from the ogre’s mouth.
His muscular right arm reached out for Alice faster than the eyes
could follow.
Clink.
That brief ring came from the Fragrant Olive Sword’s scabbard.
Having drawn her sword several times quicker than the ogre,
Alice cut once before returning it to its scabbard.
The demi-human’s huge frame came to an immediate stop.
And that body slowly sank onto the earth as Alice took a step back.
A straight scar showed on its brawny chest from which the last of
its Life streamed away as fleeting light.
Alice held her right hand towards the proud wolf-headed
warrior’s corpse. From the flitting sacred energy released, she
generated numerous aerial elements.
“May your soul, at least, reach the grasslands…”
Alice waved her right hand and the green light soared towards the
eastern skies as a whirlwind.

129

Sword Art Online Volume 16 – Alicization Exploding
Chapter 18 – War of the Underworld

4
The gaze from Emperor Vector, down towards her, frightened D.
to the depths of her heart while she prostrated herself on the
dragon military vehicle, her forehead against its floor.
There was no anger in the emperor’s ice-colored eyes. He seemed
to measure D.’s worth without any input from his personal
emotions. How would the emperor treat one he judged
incompetent and useless—she shook to her core, merely
imagining it.
A brief question eventually came in a deep, fluent voice.
“Hmm. That is to say, your plan failed and a thousand dark arts
users died due to the enemy taking the initiative to absorb and
consume the space darkness energy… is that correct?”
“Ye… yes!”
D. lifted her face by the slightest and answered.
“That is precisely the case, Your Majesty. I have not received any
intelligence that the enemy army still retains an arts user of such
caliber despite the highest minister’s absence, so…”
“Is there no means of replenishing darkness energy?”
Interrupting D.’s desperate excuses, the emperor pursued a
countermeasure. However, D. could only shake her head at that as
well.
“Un… unfortunately… replenishing the amount of space darkness
energy necessary to annihilate the enemy integrity knights would
require plentiful power from the earth and sun, but both are
lacking from the battlefield. The treasury in Obsidia Palace does
have minerals saved which could be converted to darkness
energy, but we would need several days in order to retrieve…”
“I see.”
130

Sword Art Online Volume 16 – Alicization Exploding
Chapter 18 – War of the Underworld

The emperor casually nodded and turned his sharp features
towards the distant gorge.
“…From what I can see, however, there is no vegetation on this
land and the sun has already set. Where is this energy source you
planned to utilize for that large-scale art ceremony?”
Despite how the god, Vector, the supposed originator of the
darkness arts, had enquired about the basic theory behind them,
the fear occupied too much of her mind for her to pay attention to
it. Desperately seeking for nothing more than means to secure
self-preservation, the female arts user earnestly spoke.
“Yes, it is a battlefield, after all… the blood and lives lost by the
demi-humans and enemy soldiers change to darkness energy and
permeates the atmosphere.”
“Hmm… mm.”
D. stiffened up entirely with the emperor rising from the
provisional throne.
Tap, tap; the black leather boots drew closer. Fear squeezed her
innards.
Coming to a stop on the direct left of D., frozen, the emperor’s fur
mantle danced in the night wind as he muttered softly.
“Blood… and lives?”
***
“Radiant medium…?”
Taking big bites from flatbread mixed with diced dried fruits and
berries, Knight Commander Bercouli’s sinewy chin moved as he
spoke in a muffled tone.
Making use of the temporary ceasefire, rations were distributed to
the Defense Army soldiers by the supply unit with great haste.
131

Sword Art Online Volume 16 – Alicization Exploding
Chapter 18 – War of the Underworld

The healing of the wounded was almost complete and thanks to
the integrity knights, and their status as high ranking arts users,
even those on their deathbed were up and sipping at their soups.
However, the deceased naturally had no path of return. Among the
first unit of over two thousand people, close to a hundred-fifty
guards and a single lower ranking knight had lost their lives.
Alice nodded towards the knight commander sitting on the other
side of a folding table.
“Yes. Though I do not recall such a name from any of the history
books, it appears to be certain that the enemy commander is
persistently searching for that person.”
“Commander… the god of darkness, Vector, huh?”
Pouring siral water into the cup left in front of the groaning
Bercouli, Deputy Commander Fanatio spoke.
“It’s hard to believe… the revival of a god…?”
“There’s that. But well, it’s convincing. You felt that foreign
incarnation covering the enemy’s main force, too, didn’t you?”
“Yes… certainly, I did feel as though I was being pulled into some
chill…”
“It’s the first time the Great East Gate collapsed since the creation
of the world. Anything can happen now, maybe we should be
preparing ourselves for that. But still… lil’ miss.”
His forceful eyes caught tightly onto Alice.
“Let’s say Dark God Vector had descended onto the Dark Territory
and he’s looking for the «radiant medium» who happens to be you,
lil’ miss. That question here is, how will that affect this war…
huh?”
Indeed.
That was what it boiled down to in the end.

132

Sword Art Online Volume 16 – Alicization Exploding
Chapter 18 – War of the Underworld

Even if Vector would be satisfied with the medium in his hands,
the other dark races would not stop until they had devoured the
Human Empire. They still had to defend this gorge to the very end.
However, one other phrase remained stuck on Alice’s mind.
«World End Altar».
The words spoken by the «god from the outside world» who Kirito
conversed with via the crystal pane on the Central Cathedral’s top
floor after that fierce battle.
—Head for the World End Altar.
—Straight south after you exit the eastern large gate.
It might be possible to resurrect Kirito’s heart if she went there.
Still, even if she wished to go, she could not abandon the defense
at the Great Gate.
But what if they chased after her?
What if Vector and his army chased after Alice alone, leaving
through the Great Gate, in pursuit of the radiant medium?
Would it not buy time for strengthening the Defense Army by
having the enemy army depart from the Human Empire?
Concealing the matter about the «Altar» which was far too
uncertain, Alice declared to the supreme commander of the
Defense Army in a firm tone.
“Esteemed Uncle… no, Your Excellency, Bercouli. I will break
through the enemy camp alone and head for the remote regions of
the Dark Territory. If the enemy leader seeks this «radiant
medium», he should pursue me with a sizable number of troops.
After there is a reasonable amount of distance between their
divided armies, please launch a counterattack on what remains of
the enemy army and eliminate them.”
***
133

Sword Art Online Volume 16 – Alicization Exploding
Chapter 18 – War of the Underworld

Emperor Vector spoke with a dry voice devoid of all emotion.
“D.I.L. Would three thousand suffice?”
“Yes…?”
Not understanding the meaning behind those words, D. once again
raised her face. The emperor’s side profile was glazed over to the
extent of even appearing gentle, but his pale blue eyes looked
down upon the troops with a frigid look.
Vector’s mouth moved again.
“What I asked, is that to gain sufficient darkness energy for that
large-scale arts ceremony to eliminate the integrity knights—”
The following words made even the ruthless D. open her two eyes
widely in astonishment.
“Would expending three thousands of those orc soldier lives we
have in reserve suffice?”
A chill crept up her two legs. With an intense sensation of dread.
Those warped into sweet intoxication as they seeped into D.’s
mind.
“…They would suffice.”
D. whispered with her forehead unconsciously against the
emperor’s boots.
“Yes, they would certainly suffice, Your Majesty. I shall raise our
collective strength and put on a display with the two thousand
arts users remaining… my Dark Arts Users’ Guild shall showcase
the greatest, strongest art in history, a terrifying art no one had
ever witnessed before…”
***
Whether in the Human Empire or the Dark Empire, the names of
its inhabitants held no literal meaning in the languages they use.
134

Sword Art Online Volume 16 – Alicization Exploding
Chapter 18 – War of the Underworld

This originated from how the four Rath researchers raising the
initial artificial fluct lights decided to give their children and
grandchildren names in katakana typical of fantasy settings
without much thought.
With those four dead (logged out), the fluct lights could only give
birth to and raise children on their own volition. What perplexed
them then was the inconsistent system of naming.
Reluctantly, the first parents gave their children names similar to
their own, formed from combinations of sounds. However, as time
or the generations passed, rules emerged for naming and they
evolved into a sort of «naming convention» unique to the
Underworld.
In short—they placed wishes for their children’s futures into the
combinations of those characters, from a (ア) to n (ン) and their
variations, which were given meaning.
To state an example, the vowels represented sincerity. Zeal for the
k sounds. Wit for the s’s. Vitality for the t’s. Benevolence for the
n’s. Beauty for the r’s… and so on1. For instance, «Eugeo» contains
the traits of being gentle, working fast, and honesty. «Tiezé» was
named as a wish for her to be energetic, helpful, and talented at
military arts. «Ronye» was a name praying for her to be lovely,
rich of heart, and earnest.
The naming convention was mostly shared by the demi-humans of
the Dark Territory too. For example, «Sigrosig» was a greedy
name, hoping for alacrity, bravery, fearless, and alacrity with
bravery once again. The goblin races with their speed of
reproducing were an exception, often using conjunctive forms of
verbs such as «Kosogi» and «Shibori»2. Meanwhile, the
distinguished families among the dark arts users consider the
conventions as a practice of the inferior castes and have a
tradition of using the initials alone of ancient Darkness Script.
“k’s”, “s’s”, “t’s”, “n’s”, “r’s”, – These refer to their respective kana. For example, “k’s” refer to the
“ka, ki, ku, ke, ko” kana.
2
“Kosogi”, “Shibori” – These have verb stems with the definitions of “to scrape” and “to wring”
respectively.
1

135

Sword Art Online Volume 16 – Alicization Exploding
Chapter 18 – War of the Underworld

Now then—
The final one still living among the five generals leading the demihuman races was the orc chief.
His name was «Rirupirin».
Rirupirin was, according to Dark General Shasta, known to hold an
intense grudge against humans which made him as much of an
obstacle to hindering peace with the Human Empire as the dark
arts users’ leader and the goblins’ chiefs.
However, that nature was certainly nothing he had from birth.
He came into his world as the child of an influential and powerful
orc family and was praised to be the most beautiful baby in the
history of the race. The name gave to him contained the r sound
for beauty thrice, rarely seen among the orcs.
Rirupirin was raised beautiful both outside and inside by his
parents’ wishes. He was blessed with talent at the art of war as
well and all had expectations of him as the next chief; and one day,
he accompanied the current chief then out, from the southeastern
lakes and marshes of the orcs for the first time, to Obsidia Palace.
Adorned with a set of gorgeous armor and a sword, he bent his
back with pride as he entered the town near the palace—only to
witness humans with their slender bodies, glossy hair, and lovely
facial features.
Rirupirin went through a realization that broke down his entire
cognizance. His beauty had to be quantified by affixing it with, “as
an orc”. And that the orcs were belittled as the most unsightly race
in the Dark Empire.
Stout, round bellies; stumpy limbs; a large, flat nose; beady,
sunken eyes; and droopy ears.
Among the orcs given such features, Rirupirin was said to be
beautiful as he possessed a face somewhat similar to the humans.

136

Sword Art Online Volume 16 – Alicization Exploding
Chapter 18 – War of the Underworld

Rirupirin’s soul was driven to the verge of collapse upon that
realization. He could only cling on to a certain strong emotion in
order to maintain his mental state.
That was, animosity. Someday, he would definitely overthrow the
human race, making them all slaves and crushing every last one of
their eyes to prevent them from turning their sneers on the orcs;
Rirupirin became the orc chief while veiling that gruesome
determination.
Hence, he certainly did not have some innate inclination towards
cruelty like Kosogi. His hostility towards the humans could be
viewed as a major inferiority complex and he ruled over his
people with unchanging benevolence.
“Dat… dat is going too far!!”
Rirupirin unconsciously shouted when the orders from the
emperor arrived.
The orcs had already pitched in a thousand soldiers to serve as a
reserve force for the first unit and they were all lost. Thinking
about how they were ordered, outside of his command, by those
goblins and giants to fight and die was enough to make his chest
tighten, let alone this new, cold-blooded order handed down.
He was to contribute three thousand sacrifices as a foundation for
the dark arts uses’ offensive arts.
It was to be a death devoid of honor as a warrior or even dignity
as an intelligent being. They were to be just meat—no different
from those yaks brought by the transport unit as edibles.
“We game here to bight! Ngot to pay for your mistakes wib ow
lives!”
Rirupirin protested in a strained, shrill voice.
However, the leader of the dark arts users, D., who stood with her
arms crossed looked down on the orc chief with cold eyes as she
arrogantly declared.
137

Sword Art Online Volume 16 – Alicization Exploding
Chapter 18 – War of the Underworld

“This is an edict from the emperor!!”
The orc chief felt something get stuck in his throat.
He had witnessed Emperor Vector’s strength during the dark
general’s insurgency more than he had cared to. His
overwhelming strength far exceeded that of the Ten Lords.
The strong must be obeyed. That was the absolute law of the Dark
Empire.
Still— still.
Rirupirin stood still as his two firmly balled up fists trembled.
It was then when a voice, harmonious for an orc, came from
behind.
“Chief. We must obey the emperor’s orders.”
He turned back in surprise and the one standing there, with a
slender body and dainty, long ears, was a female of his race. She
was born in a distinguished family related to Rirupirin’s and they
had often played together in their childhood.
Revealing a placid smile on her lips, she continued.
“I and three thousand other soldiers will gladly offer ow lives. For
the emperor… and ow race.”
“……”
Rendered speechless, Rirupirin could do no more than grinding
down on his long fangs as though to crush them. The female orc
took a step forward and whispered in a hushed tone.
“Riru. I believe. The celestial world invites ngot only the humans
but the souls of us orcs too. We bill… meet again, someday, there.”
You would not need to sacrifice your life too, he wanted to say.
However, he knew it would take far too much time for the three
thousand soldiers to accept that unreasonable command without
the noble lady knight, who they exalted more in a sense, sharing
their fate.
138

Sword Art Online Volume 16 – Alicization Exploding
Chapter 18 – War of the Underworld

Rirupirin opened his fist, held the noble lady knight’s hand, and
moaned.
“I’m sorry, Ren… forgive me… I’m sorry…”
D.I.L. spoke without mercy while turning an unpleasant look down
on the pair.
“You are to have three thousand troops in a closely packed
formation a hundred mel from the gorge within five minutes. That
is all!”
The orc chief glared at the dark arts user, turning away and
leaving, with eyes short of flaring up. Why did the orcs alone have
to suffer this treatment? It was the umpteen time that question
had swirled in his chest, but this time, too, was fruitless.
The three thousand marching to their deathbeds, formed in
orderly files, appeared even triumphant. On the other hand, soft
weeping and outraged voices permeated deep within the other
seven thousands of their race seeing them off.
The three thousand orcs led by the noble lady knight astride an
armored boar boldly passed between the encampments for the
Order of the Dark Knights and the Pugilists’ Guild, forming a
square a short distance from the entrance to the gorge.
The two thousand dark arts users who were not engulfed within
the earlier grand explosions ominously showed up, as though in
wait, and surrounded the formation.
The atmosphere trembled, accompanying an incantation that
started up horribly dissonant and grating on the ears, perhaps
reflective of the art’s hideous nature.
“Ah… aah……”
Rirupirin let escape a hoarse moan. The orc soldiers had suddenly
distorted in anguish and collapsed onto the ground.
White, fleeting light particles was being drawn out from their
writhing forms without pause.
139

Sword Art Online Volume 16 – Alicization Exploding
Chapter 18 – War of the Underworld

Turning into black, viscous sludge as they gathered at the arts
users’ hands, they gradually transfigured into what resembled
bizarre snakes.
The shrieks from the three thousand soldiers arrived at
Rirupirin’s ears crisp and vivid. Along with a united cry mixed in.
Long live the Orcs. Glory to the Orcs.
The soldiers’ bodies burst apart in succession immediately after.
Their blood and flesh scattered as the light leaving them grew in
intensity before stolen by the arts users all at once.
Rirupirin was on his knees when he noticed, his right fist striking
the ground. The overflowing tears spread out over both sides of
his large nose and audibly fell onto the black gravel.
Fresh blood left the noble lady knight, dressed in ornate armor,
like crimson flowers in the middle of his warped vision.
“…Renju…!”
It was in the moment he wrung that name from his throat that the
noble lady knight slowly fell to the earth, out of his sight.
Rirupirin’s gritted fangs tore into his lips as blood trickled from
his own mouth as well.
—Damned humans.
Damned humans!
Those damned humans!!
The screams of anger and hatred rattling the core of his mind,
curiously enough, inflicted a great pain at his right eye each time
they came.

140

Sword Art Online Volume 16 – Alicization Exploding
Chapter 18 – War of the Underworld

141

Sword Art Online Volume 16 – Alicization Exploding
Chapter 18 – War of the Underworld

***
Tens of minutes passed.
At the Human Empire Defense Army’s headquarters, the guards
divided into two were exchanging handshakes and hugs, vowing
they would meet again.
Accepting Integrity Knight Alice’s proclamation, Knight
Commander Bercouli added another compromise.
That was to have Alice, the decoy «radiant medium» for luring
away the enemy army, accompanied by half of the troops. Of
course, Alice vehemently opposed it and requested for
independent action, but the knight commander would hear none
of it.
—There’re still many in the enemy army. You won’t be luring
many of them away on your own. We’ll only succeed in breaking
them up if there’re enough of us running with you.
She could say nothing to refute that. It certainly would be too
arrogant to assert that she could lure the entire enemy army away
based solely on that vague information mentioned by the ogre
chief.
Besides, Alice planned to have Kirito ride with her on Amayori’s
back. She was not fully confident she could continue protecting
him while serving as a decoy alone. An accompanying force would
be heartening in that aspect at least.
Bercouli had another surprise for everyone after deciding to split
up the Defense Army.
He, the supreme commander and knight commander, would
personally join the decoy unit.
With regards to that, Fanatio, who was assigned to command the
unit staying back, raised vehement opposition along with
Deusolbert.
142

Sword Art Online Volume 16 – Alicization Exploding
Chapter 18 – War of the Underworld

“You’ve done enough, haven’t you? Lemme fight a little.”
Fanatio refuted with the corners of her eyes raised when Bercouli
said that in an admonishing tone.
“Who are you to speak when you can’t even fold your own change
of clothes without me by your side?!!”
That incited much jeering from the knights and guards. Bercouli
showed a cynical smile, drew closer to Fanatio’s ears, and
whispered something—with the deputy commander averting her
face downwards and backing off, surprisingly enough.
As for Deusolbert, he reluctantly relinquished as well after having
the evident fact that he had ran out of arrows from the battle
earlier pointed out. Supply units were currently heading towards
the nearest town to restock, but that would easily take more than
an hour or two.
Worry and concern were on full display on the soldiers’ faces,
regardless of whether they were from the departing or remaining
unit. It was honestly unclear which was in more danger. Only the
gods—no, only the god of darkness and the supreme commander
of the enemy army, Vector, knew how many would pursue the
decoy unit and how many would continue the assault in the gorge.
Those included in the decoy unit finished their preparations
before long: the four high ranking knights, Bercouli, Alice, Renri,
Scheta, and their flying dragons, a company of guards numbering a
thousand, a company of ascetics numbering two hundred, and a
supply company comprising of fifty. Eldrie insisted on being
added to the decoy unit himself, but he reluctantly backed off after
a fierce remonstration from Alice. The apprentice knights, Linel
and Fizel, threw a tantrum as well, but even they could only give
in after the knight commander told them that he would be
“counting on them for the rest”.
Eight fast coaches, each drawn by four horses, were readied for
the transport of materials. Kirito and his wheelchair along with
the two female trainees should be riding on one of those.
143

Sword Art Online Volume 16 – Alicization Exploding
Chapter 18 – War of the Underworld

Alice hesitated much over whether to allow Tiezé and Ronye to
follow or not. However, someone had to care for Kirito and though
she did not know what had happened, Renri, a high ranking
knight, swore to protect the girls even at the cost of his life.
To be honest, Alice had few memories regarding Knight Renri.
However, she felt no deceit from the determination visible on his
adolescent face and the formidable gleam on the divine
instrument, the «Twin Edged Wings», equipped on both sides of
his waist.
Bercouli’s flying dragon, «Hoshigami», began its dignified ground
run and the guards let out hushed cheers.
Alice gripped Amayori’s reins and awaited the time for take-off as
she sent a glance towards Eldrie sending them off on from the
ground.
She was bothered over how her perpetually talkative disciple was
unusually quiet while they prepared for the sortie. However,
before she could send any words his way, Hoshigami softly took
off and Alice turned towards the front in a fluster before gently
kicking Amayori’s side. Her beloved dragon lifted off after a
powerful ground run, followed by Renri’s knight dragon,
«Kazenui», and Scheta’s knight dragon, «Yoiyobi».
Bercouli, who had taken a slow lead, turned about and shouted.
“Right, we’ll hit the enemy’s main force with the dragons’ heat
rays all at once as we get out of the gorge! They shouldn’t have
any means for long ranged attacks now, so just be on your guard
for the dragon knights!”
They responded to the knight commander’s instructions with a
sharp “yes”.
The sound of the guards charging in on horseback or foot chased
after them from right behind. The four high ranking knights had to
shake up the battlefield on their own until those guards and the
coaches left the gorge, turning south—towards the right—and
gained sufficient distance from them.
144

Sword Art Online Volume 16 – Alicization Exploding
Chapter 18 – War of the Underworld

Countless torches were visible before them in the confined, dark
gorge.
They were really many of them. Despite the many defeated, it
appeared the enemy was still almost thirty thousand strong.
That said, their main military strength should be with the dark
knights and pugilists. Both units focused on close quarters combat
and possessed no offensive effective against integrity knights
mounted on flying dragons.
——No.
What, was that?
That deep, meandering recitation, much like a curse, that came
from below the noise of the wind.
A coordinated chanting… of arts!?
That would be ridiculous, this zone should no longer have the
sacred energy left for a large-scale art!!
Alice rejected her own instincts.
However, just as she did so, Bercouli who flew right in front of her
spat out, “Those bastards… what have they done?!!”
***
Aah.
What power!!
The leader of the dark arts users, D.I.L. raised her hands towards
the sky as her entire body shivered in sweet ecstasy.
Had any other arts user in history experienced a space charged
with such concentrated darkness energy?
Nothing in this world held priority as high as and power as pure
as intelligent Life.
145

Sword Art Online Volume 16 – Alicization Exploding
Chapter 18 – War of the Underworld

It did not matter even if it came from those vulgar, repulsive orcs’
lives. If this viscosity was precious wine, aged for a hundred years,
then the darkness energy provided by the sun and earth would be
plain water.
The energy meant for «Wide-Area Incineration Projectiles» earlier
were, in the end, mere dregs left from the lives expended on the
battlefield. However, a whole three thousand lives were converted
explicitly to darkness energy, here and now, for this art.
Every arts user, from Dee to the other two thousands, had both of
their arms extended as numerous grotesque snakes with
countless legs, each seemingly appearing from clotting black mist,
coiled about them.
These were artificial organisms, «Life eaters», created from umbra
elements. No corporeal object could guard against them, not even
swords or armor of the highest priority. The conversion efficiency
for darkness energy was inferior to that for offensive flames, but
everything changed with a source this abundant.
Dee had chosen this art as revenge for the enemy’s «light pillar»
that burnt a thousand of her precious subordinates to death. Even
the screams of the orc soldiers, writhing as they dyed, sounded
pleasant to her ears now.
“Good… be prepared to launch the «Death Curse Worms» art!!”
Dee’s shout rang out and—
She spotted four dragon knights charging in from the gorge, as
though they had lost their minds, with her own two eyes.
The momentary shock soon changed into elation. She could tidy
up the enemy’s greatest force, the integrity knights and their
flying dragons, all at once as things as they were.
“Stand your ground!! Let them approach!! …No… not yet…… —
Now, let them loooooose!!”
Zwaaaaaaaa!!
146

Sword Art Online Volume 16 – Alicization Exploding
Chapter 18 – War of the Underworld

The countless black snakes set off in straight courses towards the
enemy knights, scattering vibrations that seemed to spread pure
fear.
***
The realization that the enemy’s offensive art had become an
immense, pressing wave of absolute darkness shut down not only
the ordinary guards’ minds for several seconds but the high
ranking integrity knights’ too.
It was an umbra elemental art with an extremely high priority,
likely surpassing the luminous elemental art released by Alice
earlier. A ranged hex that directly inflicted damage on one’s Life
and could not be defended against through physical means.
The mystery—of how they had invoked the umbra elemental art,
with its low sacred energy conversion efficiency, on such a scale
and density despite the inadequacy of energy in the area—was
seen through only by Knight Commander Bercouli.
But not even he could give immediate countermeasures against it.
There were many aspects to offensive arts: the element they were
based on, their density, range, speed, direction, and so on.
Hence, defending required either offsetting or countering those
attributes. Instantly choosing and carrying out a suitable
countermeasure could be said to be part of being a high ranking
arts user.
Being capable of immediately selecting and carrying out a suitable
countermeasure, such as extinguishing a thermal art with
cryogenic elements, scattering decoys against a homing art, or
quickly avoiding an art going straight, could be said to be a
requirement for becoming a high ranking arts user.
However, this case was an exception.
147

Sword Art Online Volume 16 – Alicization Exploding
Chapter 18 – War of the Underworld

The enemy’s offensive was too far beyond the norm.
Only the luminous element could offset the umbra element.
However, luminous elements also had a low conversion efficiency
and it was effectively impossible to generate enough to dispel a
curse on that scale. Fanatio’s recollection release attack would
most certainly pierce through the enemy’s art without issue, but
the Heaven Piercing Sword’s light was far too narrow and she was
absent from this decoy unit to begin with.
“Turn!! Climb!!”
Bercouli could only shout those.
The four flying dragons turned about as they traced out a spiral
and headed straight for the skies above the gorge.
The swarm of snakes, too, adjusted their direction with an
unpleasant buzz.
However.
“—No!!”
Bercouli shouted once more.
The worms on their tail were less than half of them all. The
remaining went straight for the guards and supply unit rushing
over the ground.
“……!!”
Letting out a sharp gasp, Knight Alice had her knight dragon roll
and swoop down. She twisted towards the beginning of the
darkness art creeping ever closer below and rushed forward
headlong.
Shaa!! She drew the Fragrant Olive Sword as that distinct sound
rang from its scabbard. A bright golden radiance immediately
swept over its blade.
“Lil’ miss!! No, that won’t work!!”
Bercouli desperately tried to hold back his beloved disciple.
148

Sword Art Online Volume 16 – Alicization Exploding
Chapter 18 – War of the Underworld

The Fragrant Olive Sword’s armament full control art exhibited
overwhelming power in a fight of one-versus-many, but it was
metallic elemental like the sword. It could not cut through the
nearly incorporeal hex.
Alice, too, knew that all too well. However, she could not possibly
bring herself to simply watch as the guards were attacked.
It happened then.
A fifth flying dragon rushed in from deeper in the valley with the
momentum of a shooting star.
«Takiguri».
The knight dragon belonging to the high ranking knight, Eldrie
Synthesis Thirty-one.
***
Eldrie repeated a single word over and over again in his mind as
he gripped onto the dragon’s reins.
Protect.
His master. Alice. He had to protect the person he pledged his
sword and swore his devotion to, no matter the cost.
Yet at the same time, he could hear a voice mocking that
determination just as loudly.
How would you protect her? When you are so powerless? When
you are but a fool, still wanting your master’s attention and
feelings despite your capabilities falling far behind her?
Eldrie was still a fledgling when it became to being an integrity
knight and what supported his blade was the fierce, single-minded
will to serve Alice. That was how he became a high ranking knight,
but that also amplified the backlash he felt whenever his heart
wavered.
149

Sword Art Online Volume 16 – Alicization Exploding
Chapter 18 – War of the Underworld

—I have neither the strength to protect Master Alice nor the right
to stand at her side.
His strength fell rapidly as that thought adhered itself to him.
Though he had leapt onto Takiguri and chased after the decoy
unit, having sensed an ominous premonition, he had no idea what
could he even do.
With things as they were, he might as well lay his life down on this
land with his master.
Flying in resigned to death, Eldrie thought he heard something
and lowered his eyes down towards the ground.
The guards company was there in disarray after noticing the
looming dark art. Behind them were the supply company coaches
with their rows misaligned as well.
A quiet blue light flickered through the canopy over one of them.
A mysterious voice spoke into his mind.
—For your determination.
—For your desire to protect.
—You actually want nothing in return, don’t you?
—Love is not to be sought out. You simply do it: love, with all you
have, without end. Don’t you…?
Aah…
Where was I looking?
I lacked strength? I couldn’t have her heart to myself? So I couldn’t
protect her?
What a petty man I am…
And to think Alice-sama is there, trying to save the entire Human
Empire.
150

Sword Art Online Volume 16 – Alicization Exploding
Chapter 18 – War of the Underworld

Eldrie snapped Takiguri’s reins with his right hand and shouted.
“Go!!”
Perhaps sensing his master’s will, the dragon flapped its wings
strongly and accelerated all at once. Eldrie heard Alice’s voice, her
attempts to stop him, as they passed by with Amayori descending.
Still, he showed no sign of slowing down and climbed steeply
towards the deadly flood of snakes.
His left hand removed a whip of white silver from his waist.
The origin of the divine instrument, «Frost Scale Whip», was a
gigantic snake said to be divine from the mountainous area of the
eastern empire. Releasing its memories increased its range by
several times and allowed for its trajectory to be freely changed.
That said, that power held almost no purpose against that art
classified as a hex.
Still, Eldrie prayed hard with an unshakable conviction.
—Oh, snake!!
Oh, ancient snake!
If you lord over the serpents, then how about you devour that
swarm of mere worms!!
“Release recollection!!”
The Frost Scale Whip let out a dazzling silver light as it perceived
his booming voice.
The whip divided endlessly within the brilliance. Turning into
hundreds of streaks of light, they struck at the snakes dyed in
darkness.
The light had transformed into glittering snakes before anyone
noticed. Swarming out in a radial formation from Eldrie’s left
hand, they opened up their gleaming jaws of sharp fangs and bit at
the snakes of death.

151

Sword Art Online Volume 16 – Alicization Exploding
Chapter 18 – War of the Underworld

Zobuu! The snakes torn into infinitesimal pieces with that noise
returned to umbra elements and scattered.
The swarm assailing the guards as well as the swarm pursing the
flying dragons in the sky above turned around as though
recognizing that the glowing snakes must be prioritized first.
It took no time for the snakes to coil about the countless worms.
Their hexes traced across the snakes’ bodies and flooded towards
their source.
Eldrie had made use of the only aspect to the enemy’s art that
could be interfered with here, their «automatic homing attribute»,
and focused all of their capacity upon himself.
——Alice-sama.

152

Sword Art Online Volume 16 – Alicization Exploding
Chapter 18 – War of the Underworld

153

Sword Art Online Volume 16 – Alicization Exploding
Chapter 18 – War of the Underworld

He smiled and lowered his eyelids.
While the darkness swallowed the knight whole in the next
instant.
Integrity Knight Eldrie Synthesis’s numerical Life which was
slightly more than five thousand—
Turned to negative fifty thousand immediately.
Eldrie’s figure crumbled and scattered from the chest down as
though he was blown apart.
***
“Eldrie———!!!”
Alice screamed.
Her one and only disciple who had accompanied her through
those short yet memorable days slipped from his flying dragon’s
back, having lost over half of his flesh.
Getting Amayori to roll about thrice, Alice dove into the vestiges of
the dissipating worms and grasp Eldrie’s right hand with her
extended left hand. Her breath choked up at how light he was
when she pulled him close, but still, she bore it with her teeth
clenched and had her dragon climb.
Takiguri followed right by their side, perhaps out of concern for
his owner. Alice shouted once more atop the dragons keeping in
pace.
“Eldrie!! Open… open your eyes!! I will not allow it, you must not
leave me behind in a place like this!!”
Eldrie’s bluish-white eyelids quivered slightly, with everything
below his chest lost.
Beneath his barely raised eyelashes, his eyes, tinged violet and
still faintly filled with light, looked upon Alice.
154

Sword Art Online Volume 16 – Alicization Exploding
Chapter 18 – War of the Underworld

“…Master… your safety puts me……”
“Yes… yes, of course I am safe, thanks to you!! Had I not said
before that I need you?!!”
Her vision suddenly turned distorted. Drops of water fell upon
Eldrie’s cheeks, one after another. Unaware they were her own
tears, Alice hugged her disciple close.
A near inaudible voice rippled at her ears.
“Alice-sama… there are many, many more people… who need you.
I… am but a nobody… To even think… I could have you for…”
“I will give you anything you wish for!! So come back to me!! Are
you not my disciple?!!”
“I have received enough.”
Alice sensed the insubstantial weight in her arms fading rapidly,
leaving her, with that satisfied whisper.
“Eldrie!! Eldrie—!!”
One final murmur gently overlapped her weeping cries.
“Don’t… cry…… Mo… ther……”
And the soul belonging to Integrity Knight Eldrie Synthesis Thirtyone, also known as Eldrie Woolsburg, left the Underworld forever.
Alice’s precious disciple turned into light, as though those few
seconds she managed to converse with him was a miracle, and
dispersed into the night air while Alice watched on with damp
eyes.
Eldrie vanished before long, leaving not even a fragment of armor
behind. The Frost Scale Whip he had gripped in his left hand
quietly fell onto Amayori’s back. Perhaps recognizing the death of
his master, Takiguri who flew at their side let out an anguished
howl.

155

Sword Art Online Volume 16 – Alicization Exploding
Chapter 18 – War of the Underworld

Alice took in a deep breath of the faint fragrance of roses drifting
about before pulling her face upwards.
—This is war.
That was why it would be absurd to bear a grudge, no matter what
sort of offensive the enemy executed, no matter what casualties
were produced as a result. In fact, Alice herself had robbed a
horde of enemy troops of their lives mere tens of minutes ago
with an enormous art that could be only termed merciless.
Thus.
This anger. This sorrow. Even if they became strength, even if they
brought about a slaughter surpassing them—
“…Surely, you must be prepared!!”
Drawing the Fragrant Olive Sword with a distinct noise, Alice
shouted.
“Amayori! Takiguri! Advance at full speed!!”
The flying dragons shackled by binding arts would never follow
combat orders from anyone aside from their designated owner
normally.
However, the two dragon siblings roared out ferocious howls
together and flapped their wings as they began their onslaught.
The Dark Territory, the ashen earth continuing infinitely beyond
the gorge, drew close before long.
Incited by a blazing wrath, Alice’s blue eyes swiftly determined
the distribution among the enemy’s main forces.
Roughly five hundred mel to the left from the gorge’s exit was the
Order of the Dark Knights clad in uniform golden armors
numbering approximately five thousand.
On the left was the Pugilists’ Guild, brawny figures strapped in
leather belts, numbering five thousand as well. These were the
enemy’s main force.
156

Sword Art Online Volume 16 – Alicization Exploding
Chapter 18 – War of the Underworld

Deployed in their rear were the orc and goblin infantry, likely
reserve troops, and an extensive transport unit. The enemy’s
supreme commander, Dark God Vector, should be among them.
And in the very front, crowded between the dark knights and
pugilists was a group clothed in black.
Them. They were the dark arts users who launched that largescale hex earlier. Their numbers were approximately two
thousand. Those who noticed the approaching flying dragons
scrambled to escape without concern for their peers.
“You will not escape!!”
Alice ordered the dragons with a booming shout.
“Aim for their rear… now, fire!!”
The dragon siblings immediately bent their necks and opened
their jaws widely. Their white fangs shone crimson against the
flames filling their mouths.
Zubaa; the two heat rays that swiftly tore through the air side-byside drove into the retreating dark arts users’ path.
Explosions shook the earth. Flames erupted. The engulfed
silhouettes were flung about like tree leaves.
With their path of retreat sealed by flames, the arts users lost all
order and gathered together.
Alice raised the Fragrant Olive Sword up high. Its blade released a
bright golden light more dazzling than the sun.
“—Enhance armament!”
The sword separated into hundreds of fragments with a crisp,
metallic sound. Every single one reflected Alice’s will, gaining
sharpness beyond any prior.
***
157

Sword Art Online Volume 16 – Alicization Exploding
Chapter 18 – War of the Underworld

Ridiculous.
Impossible!!
The leader of the dark arts users, D.I.L., screamed in her head
while looking up towards the dragon knight rushing in from the
gorge like an arrow.
The Death Curse Worms art chanted by two thousand arts users
with the sacrifice of three thousand orc lives had assailed the
enemy army with more power than expected. They should have
more than enough priority to devour not just every last one of
those integrity knights but the ground troops as well.
And yet, for some reason, the art that should have fed on all of
their Life focused on a mere single knight and dissipated after
carrying out that horrible waste of an overkill.
The Death Curse Worms were drawn towards life forms with
higher Life. In other words, instantly creating an artificial being on
par with some legendary magical beast, surpassing humans and
even flying dragons, could and would be required to intentionally
lure them away, but it would be impossible to create that with a
short art. This conclusion went against logic. There was no rhyme
or reason to it.
—How could there be a power that I, the leader of the Dark Arts
Users’ Guild, the heart of the entire world’s intelligence, not know
about?!!
D. grinded her teeth as she screamed soundlessly.
Still, it was reality that the enemy army was restarting their
charge with only one sacrifice, surging towards the mere two
thousand dark arts users left with the momentum of raging waves.
“Retreat!! All arts users, retreat!!”
D. screeched with a strained voice.
However, two rays of flames crossed above in the next moment
and drove in merely some tens mel behind.
158

Sword Art Online Volume 16 – Alicization Exploding
Chapter 18 – War of the Underworld

The flames roared as they erupted, swallowing up tens of her
screeching subordinates. The heat waves surged on towards the
second floor of the carriage where D. stood and singed the black
hair she was so proud of.
“Eek…”
Screaming, D. practically rolled down the carriage. Riding on it
would be like painting a target on herself.
Blending with her subordinates, D. tried to flee before a glaring
golden light shone into her vision.
In her sight, naturally drawn upwards, she saw the sword of an
integrity knight astride a flying dragon split into countless specks
of light.
She vividly sensed each of those specks possessing a horrifying
level of priority. It was clear whatever element she generated from
the sparse darkness energy drifting about would be unable to
defend against them.
—Damn, damn it, how can I let that kill me!!
—In a place like this?!! I’m the one who will rule over this world!!
Raising the corners of her eyes with the face of an enraged deity,
D. swung her two hands with her fingers bent like talons and
thrust them into the back of two arts users running in front.
Her sharp claws ripped through their soft skin, digging into their
flesh. The shafts she gripped onto were no other than the arts
users’ spines.
“Gyaa… D-D.-sama…!?”
“Wha…!? P-Please stop…”
Paying no attention to her subordinates’ begging shrieks, the
highest ranked dark arts user let out sinister laughter as she
recited the starting phrase for an art.
The words that followed were a true curse.
159

Sword Art Online Volume 16 – Alicization Exploding
Chapter 18 – War of the Underworld

Transfiguration. An accursed, secret art to transform a living
being’s flesh, powered by their Life.
Squelch.
Blood and flesh scattered as the two young, healthy bodies
dissolved into indefinite shapes. Each of them covered D.,
crouching on the ground, without leaving a single gap and
hardened up, becoming an elastic defensive film that had once
lived.
That was a moment before a tempest of golden death blanketed
the entire land.
***
Alice hardened her heart and shut away the many screams
reaching her ears.
She would not permit that art to be ever used again. She would
eliminate those arts users and the invocation for it from this land.
Each time she swiped the grip gleaming with light in her right
hand, the sharp petals followed suit and mowed down the enemy
she looked down upon. The dark arts users wearing no metallic
armor had their bodies pierced through without resistance and
fell.
Alice maintained the recollection release state until she was sure
she had annihilated over ninety percent of the arts users unit
estimated at two thousand. Her sword’s Life had considerably
fallen, but she had no regrets over that.
Though around two hundred arts users had fled without even
taking a look at the heaps of their comrades’ corpses, Alice
restored the Fragrant Olive Sword to its original state instead of
giving pursuit.

160

Sword Art Online Volume 16 – Alicization Exploding
Chapter 18 – War of the Underworld

She had seen around ten knights take off on their flying dragons
from the rear of where the Order of the Dark Knights was based at
the left of her sight.
Though she thought they would engage her straight away, the
enemy dragon knights simply took up formation in the air without
attempt to shorten the gap between them. She immediately knew
why. Bercouli and the rest had chased after her from behind.
“Lil’ miss, don’t go overboard!”
Alice somehow responded to the knight commander who spoke
the moment he overtook her, perhaps out of concern over Eldrie’s
death.
“Yes… I am fine, esteemed Uncle. Please escort the ground units. I
will fulfil my role as the decoy.”
“Right… but don’t go too far!”
Bercouli shouted and turned his eyes towards the enemy dragon
knights. Commanding Takiguri by her side to stay hovering, Alice
had Amayori slowly climb and advance.
She could somehow sense the attention focused on her from the
dark knights, the pugilists, the orcs and goblins—and some being
with an enormous presence in a place where she could not quite
locate. She could hear soft roars from the guards and supply
companies behind who had finally left the gorge and turned
towards the south, fleeing at full speed.
Alice shouted loud enough to erase the noise they made as they
move.
Her voice, amplified by incarnation, resounded vividly throughout
all directions.
“—My name is Alice!! I am Integrity Knight Alice Synthesis Thirty!!
The one who serves the will of the three goddesses protecting the
Human Empire, the «Radiant Medium»!!”
It was a proclamation without any foundation at all, a mere bluff.
161

Sword Art Online Volume 16 – Alicization Exploding
Chapter 18 – War of the Underworld

Still, the entire enemy army stirred in the next moment. The
strong desire to capture Alice reached out towards her from the
land like tentacles. It appeared the enemy actually did desire this
radiant medium as much as or perhaps even more than they
wanted to trample the Human Empire.
Did it truly refer to her, or was she only assuming the name?
Alice felt that irrelevant. She only needed half of the enemies to
chase after herself. It would have been fine as long as drawing the
enemy away from the land and earning the rest some time
allowed her to inherit the wishes of Eldrie, Dakira, and the many
lost guards.
“Resolve yourself to be crushed by my holy might if you dare
stand before me!!”
***
“Ohh…”
The emperor of the land of darkness, Dark God Vector, and also
the hunter of souls, Gabriel Miller, stood from his throne before
letting a deep utterance escape.
“Ohh.”
Gabriel had felt nothing at all from how that attack expending
three thousand orc units had apparently failed or even how the
majority of the arts user units were annihilated. However,
shudders were certainly going through his frigid soul at this one
moment.
A quiet voice came from his pale lips that formed a smile.
“Alice… —Alicia…”
Gabriel’s two eyes captured in detail the young female knight clad
in golden, gleaming armor atop a dragon in the distant night sky.
162

Sword Art Online Volume 16 – Alicization Exploding
Chapter 18 – War of the Underworld

Straight, flowing golden locks. Fair, pale skin. Perfectly clear blue
eyes like the skies in the heart of winter.
That figure matched exactly with the exquisite grown-up
appearance of the girl he first laid hands on, Alicia Klingerman, in
Gabriel’s consciousness. It was a fact in Gabriel’s mind, that
Alicia’s soul that he had failed to capture back then had appeared
once more in this virtual world.
—This time, for sure.
This time, he would capture it with these hands. He would obtain
the light cube that girl’s fluct light was saved on and savor it to his
heart’s content.
Focusing his gaze, like a blue flame, upon the knight as she pulled
on the dragon’s reins and flew off into the southern night skies,
Gabriel spoke softly and feverishly into the command skull.
“All units, prepare for movement. Turn south with the Pugilists’
Guild leading, followed respectively by files comprised from the
Order of the Dark Knights, the demi-humans, and the supply units.
Capture that knight, the radiant medium, unhurt. I shall grant rule
over the entire Human Empire to the commander of whichever
unit captures her.”

163

Sword Art Online Volume 16 – Alicization Exploding
Chapter 19 – The Radiant Medium

Chapter 19
The Radiant Medium

Seventh Day of the Eleventh Month of the Human Empire
Calendar, 380
20:00

1
The Dark Army had just begun to move, kicking up a huge dust
cloud behind. The dust cloud began to color the sky of the Dark
Territory, already dotted with blinking, blood-red stars, a deep
shade of gray.
Peering into the simple telescope generated with Crystal
Elements, Knight Commander Bercouli looked up and mumbled
softly:
“This is astonishing… Seems like that so-called Dark God Vector
has his heart set on you, lil’ miss. The entire army is coming after
you.”
“We should be… happy, I suppose. At least this is much better than
being ignored.”
Alice muttered as she swallowed her nervousness along with
some lukewarm Siral Water.
In the unexplored — only to those of the Human Empire, of course
— Dark Territory wilderness, on a small hill about five kilol south
from the valley, the Defense Army decoy division was having their
first short break.
The Guards were very excited.

164

Sword Art Online Volume 16 – Alicization Exploding
Chapter 19 – The Radiant Medium

Since an Integrity Knight had sacrificed himself to nullify a largescale art that had plunged everyone into the abyss of despair, they
were all determined once again, believing that they should
treasure their given chance.
Meanwhile, however, Alice was still unable to accept the reality of
Eldrie’s death.
Although it had not been long since they first met in the Central
Cathedral, much had happened. Recommending that Alice try
some wine or snacks when he discovered them; telling her bad
jokes from time to time; there had not been a quiet day with
Eldrie.
She had often puzzled over whether this young man was here to
learn swordsmanship and arts, or just to be troublesome. But
now, she understood. She understood how much Eldrie had been
filling her heart with levity.
… These things just seemed so normal that I took his presence for
granted. Why am I just realizing how precious he was when he’s not
here anymore?
As she gazed towards the Mountain Range at the Edge that
spanned the northwestern sky, she gently touched the coiled whip
strapped to the back of her waist. She could now well understand
why Kirito would not want to relinquish Eugeo’s sword.
As though he were waiting for Alice to open her eyes again, the
Knight Commander said:
“About the current strategy… Basically, until all four Integrity
Knights in this decoy division are fallen, we’ll keep drawing the
enemy away and shaving them off. Are you okay with that?”
Alice vehemently nodded to the Knight Commander, who stood
beside the tallest boulder on the topmost part of the hill.

165

Sword Art Online Volume 16 – Alicization Exploding
Chapter 19 – The Radiant Medium

“This is how I see the situation: we’ve eliminated half of the
invading army of fifty-thousand and have almost wiped out the
most troublesome Dark Sorceresses. We’re left with wearing out
their main forces to some extent, which are the Dark Knights and
the Fist Fighters… and also defeating Dark God Vector. Once we
achieve these, the remainder of the enemy would be very likely to
agree with a peace treaty. What do you think about that?”
“Hmm… the last problem is, who’s gonna be the one to head over
there. If that Shasta kid’s still around…”
“So, the Dark General is really… Are you certain about that, Ojisama?”
“He wasn’t there when I took a glance a while ago. Not only Shasta,
but his apprentice, the female knight who fought you once wasn’t
there either, lil’ miss.”
He sighed roughly. Alice knew that Bercouli secretly had great
expectations of the Dark General and his apprentice.
Shaking his head slightly, the oldest Knight muttered in a low
voice.
“Now we can only hope that the Dark Knight who took over
Shasta’s place would be happy to pass on his will. Not very likely,
though…”
“Not very likely?”
“Nope. Those who live in this Dark Territory don’t have any
written laws like the Taboo Index. There’s only an unwritten rule
ordering them to obey the strong. And… unfortunately, the
Incarnation of Dark God Vector is overwhelming… A novice
youngster obviously won’t be powerful enough to resist…”
Indeed, when she declared her own identity in front of the enemy
a while ago, a terrifyingly cold, bottomless dark energy had
reached out from the core of their formation, and she clearly felt it
sticking to her. It was the first time she had this sort of feeling
since awakening as an Integrity Knight.
166

Sword Art Online Volume 16 – Alicization Exploding
Chapter 19 – The Radiant Medium

If one were to say the Incarnation of Highest Minister
Administrator resembled crackling bolts of lightning, what she
had felt would be pitch-black emptiness.
She was getting goosebumps just thinking about it. Calming
herself, Alice nodded.
“I see… I don’t expect many people to disobey a god, anyway.”
Right after she said so, the Knight Commander chuckled and
slapped Alice’s back.
“Even though you say that, lil’ miss, you, Kirito and Eugeo, you
three appeared over there in the Human Empire. Let’s hope there
are fellows with guts over here as well.”
Just then, hearing vigorously flapping wings, the two looked up.
Renri’s dragon, Kazenui, was descending to the ground. The young
knight dexterously leapt off before the dragon’s claws even
touched the earth. He jogged over to Bercouli and urgent words
began to tumble from his mouth.
“Commander Your Highness, report! There is an area of shrubbery
about one kilol south that would be suitable for an ambush on the
enemy.”
“Great. Good work on the scouting. Let me prepare to move the
entire division… Your dragon should be pretty tired, so go give
him as much food and water as he wants.”
“Roger!”
Bercouli watched as Renri quickly saluted in a Knightly fashion,
and his short silhouette began pulling away. Alice suddenly
noticed that there was a smile on the Knight Commander’s face.
“…Oji-sama?”
At her inquiry, Bercouli scratched his chin for a moment, as
though he were a little shy, and shrugged.

167

Sword Art Online Volume 16 – Alicization Exploding
Chapter 19 – The Radiant Medium

“Well, uh… The Synthesis Ritual creates Integrity Knights by
snatching their memories away and suspending their Life, and
that’s absolutely unforgivable. But at the same time, I just think
it’s a lil’ bit sad that there won’t be any more fresh Knights like
that young man.”
Alice thought for a moment, then a similar smile spread across her
face:
“No one can become an Integrity Knight without altering their
memories and freezing their Life? I don’t believe that’s true, Ojisama.”
Her right hand gently stroked the Frostscale Whip once more.
“Even if everyone of us were defeated, I’m certain that our souls…
our will shall be passed on to someone else.”
***
“All right, it’s finally our turn!!”
Bashing his right fist into his left palm with a pashii, the young
chief of the Fist Fighter Guild, Iskahn, yelled with vigor.
I’ve been sitting and waiting here for too long since I felt the battle
heating up nearby.
The terrifying pillar of light had burnt away the Demihuman
troops, the Sorceresses had created a creepy swarm of worms,
and Emperor Vector had demanded for the Radiant Medium so
persistently that he even gave out a mysterious command. Yet
these did not have the slightest effect on Iskahn’s fighting spirit.
His world was divided into two: his own body and everything else.
Iskahn was completely uninterested in anything other than
training to improve his body. In his mind, even if he became the
target of large-scale arts like those he had just seen, he had
absolute confidence in repelling every single one of them using
only his fists and spirit.

168

Sword Art Online Volume 16 – Alicization Exploding
Chapter 19 – The Radiant Medium

The Fist Fighter tied belts onto his naked, muscular torso burnt to
a reddish-copper color, wearing only shorts and sandals. He
turned to the five-thousand powerfully built men and women as
their leader, and to the Dark Knights following them. They had
hardly begun moving for five minutes, but already, there was a
nearly thousand-mel gap between the Fist Fighters and the Dark
Knights.
“The Knights are riding on horses but they’re just too slow, as
usual!”
A hulking man stayed by Iskahn’s side, taller than him by more
than a head. Right after hearing his insult, the man’s rock-hard
face smiled wryly.
“That’s inevitable, Champion.”
Addressing the currently strongest Fist Fighter in Dark Tongue,
the hulking man continued.
“They and their horses are wearing armor as heavy as
themselves.”
“Completely useless, though!”
Concluding thusly, Iskahn faced front again. Shaping his right
hand into a tube, he quickly put it against his right eye.
At the center of the flame iris, his pupil enlarged.
“Oh, the Human Empire guys have started to move as well. Seems
like they’re… not coming this way. They’re still trying to run
away?”
He clicked his tongue.
Though they looked as dim as the stars above them, Iskahn could
perfectly capture the enemy’s activity five thousand mel away. He
thought for a moment, then said:
“Hey, Dampe. The Emperor’s command was to chase after her and
capture her, right?”
169

Sword Art Online Volume 16 – Alicization Exploding
Chapter 19 – The Radiant Medium

“Seems like it.”
“Right…”
He rubbed his nose with his right index finger, then grinned with
confidence.
“Let’s speed up for a little while. — Team Rabbit, to the front!!”
Fierce cries of ‘OH!’ both high in pitch and tension immediately
answered the summon.
The team coming out from the army in neat formation were a
hundred slender Fighters — that said, their muscles were as firm
as a whip and perfectly balanced in volume. All of their heads
were wrapped with white straps of decorative rope.
“Let’s go say hello to those so-called Integrity Knights! Get ready!!”
OH!
“Martial Dance, step seventeen, GO!!”
Iskahn’s right hand fiercely punched the air and his feet violently
stomped the ground as he shouted.
His trusted aide Dampe and the hundred men of Team Rabbit
were performing the exact same action in perfect synchronization.
Zun, zat, zun zat.
Ooh, rah, ooh rah.
As the rhythmic steps and united cry continued, beads of sweat
began to glow on Iskahn’s curled copper hair, and his healthy dark
skin took on a red tinge. The same happened to his subordinates.
After the steps ended in one very long minute, one hundred and
two Fighters stopped their movements, steam billowing from
their bodies.
No, not only that. Their skin seemed to be glowing slightly red in
the darkness.
Fist Fighters.
170

Sword Art Online Volume 16 – Alicization Exploding
Chapter 19 – The Radiant Medium

A tribe that, for hundreds of years, had explored the true nature of
one’s physical body.
Both the swordsmen and the sorceresses considered the summit
of all arts to be ≪interrupting a target with Incarnation≫. In other
words, overwriting external events with imagination.
However, Fist Fighters thought the opposite — strengthening
their own bodies with Incarnation. Surpassing their original
limits, they would strengthen their naked bodies with defensive
force stronger than steel, and wield their fists with attacking
power enough to crush boulders.
And, of course, they would train their legs to run faster than
horses, while barefoot.
“OOOOOH, RAAAAAH!!”
With a powerful roar, Iskahn kicked the ground and began
sprinting forth. Dampe followed along with the other hundred
Fighters in hot pursuit.
The air behind them was split apart; the ground shook furiously.
***
“——!?”
In order to keep close with the Guards who had started moving to
the shrubbery suitable for an ambush, Alice walked a few steps,
then looked back as she soon felt something strange.
Something is coming.
And they’re fast.
When she looked closely, she could see a cluster of a hundred men
bulging out of the slowly approaching enemy army, and closing
the gap at a terrifying speed. They were even faster than the
horseback riders running with all their might. For a second, Alice
thought they were Dragon Knights, but soon realized that there
were too many of them, and that they were actually moving on the
ground.
171

Sword Art Online Volume 16 – Alicization Exploding
Chapter 19 – The Radiant Medium

“… Seems to be the Fist Fighters.”
Bercouli muttered beside her.
“They are…?”
She had heard that name before, but this was her first time
witnessing them with her own eyes. This was because the ones
who usually appeared at the Mountain Range at the Edge were
mainly Goblins, Orcs, and rarely, Dark Knights. The Fist Fighters
had never even attempted to invade the Human Empire.
Even so, having the advantage of a very long life, it seemed that
the oldest Integrity Knight had experience battling the Fist
Fighters. He continued somewhat nervously.
“They’re a pain to deal with. Usually a sword’s gonna hurt bare
fists, but they’ll keep rejecting that.”
“Huh…? Reject…?”
There’s no way anyone can reject being cut, Alice thought. But
Bercouli shrugged and said:
“You’ll know what I mean when you fight them. Better for us to
handle them together, lil’ miss.”
“……”
Alice swallowed hard. Bercouli just claimed that he could not
handle them by himself; they must be extremely powerful
opponents.
However, what the Knight Commander said next destroyed her
painstaking concentration and spirit.
“And, by the way, lil’ miss… You’re not okay with stripping down,
are you?”
“Haah!?”
Instinctively, she crossed her arms in front of her chest and
squeezed out a sharp voice.
172

Sword Art Online Volume 16 – Alicization Exploding
Chapter 19 – The Radiant Medium

“Wh-what are you talking about?! Of course I don’t like stripping
down!!”
“No, I don’t mean that… Well, I do mean that… I just wanna tell
you that armor and clothes are useless against their fists, and they
may hold you back, so…”
After saying those pointless words as he scratched his chin, the
Knight Commander shook his head as if to say, “Suit yourself”.
“Anyway, if you’re gonna fight in that, get your Armament Full
Control Art ready.”
“O… Okay.”
Anxiety trickled down her spine again. As it seemed, the enemy
team was composed of around a hundred men. If she needed to
utilize the full power of the Fragrant Olive Sword against such a
small team, they were definitely not easy opponents.
However, there was one problem.
When she had released the ≪reflection-concealed beam≫ art, and
during her battle against the Dark Sorceresses, she had twice used
the Armament Full Control Art, consuming a large portion of the
Fragrant Olive Sword’s Life in the process. She could still use it for
normal slashing without fail, but she worried over how much
longer it could remain in its split-form attack.
The same applied to the Knight Commander’s Time Piercing
Sword. From a rather close distance, Alice had watched him
perform the stunning wide ranged attack that had instantly
eliminated hundreds of Minions. It could be said that both of their
beloved swords needed rest in their sheaths overnight.
But within their tens of seconds of conversation, the enemy team
of Fist Fighters had already closed in to a distance from where
Alice could begin to make out their masculine physiques. She
could not let them get any closer to the Guards, who were still
preparing the ambush.

173

Sword Art Online Volume 16 – Alicization Exploding
Chapter 19 – The Radiant Medium

Alice bit her lip, nodded to the Knight Commander, and was about
to slide down the rocky slope to the north.
Right before that, however, a timid female voice called to them.
“I’ll go.”
Alice spun around in shock; beside her, Bercouli’s eyes widened as
well.
The one who had been standing there without their knowledge,
was one of the four Integrity Knights joining the decoy division —
the one other than Bercouli, Alice and Renri.
She was tall and slender, clad in drab gray armor. Her hair, also
gray, was parted so crisply that it looked artificially plastered to
her head, ending in a tight ponytail. Her face was refreshingly
clean, but showed not a shred of emotion. She was probably
around twenty, like Alice.
Her name was Sheyta Synthesis Twelve.
The Divine Instrument strapped to her waist was the ≪Black Lily
Sword≫.
However, she was seldom referred to as such. Whenever they
happened to mention her in conversation, the Knights addressed
her by another nickname.
≪The Silent≫.
Alice was not shocked because she had volunteered to battle the
Fist Fighters.
She was shocked because this was literally the first time she heard
the voice of The Silent Sheyta.
***
Leaping over ditches and small rivers with ease, blasting boulders
out of their way with single kicks, Iskahn, Dampe and the other
hundred Fist Fighters continued their ferocious sprint.

174

Sword Art Online Volume 16 – Alicization Exploding
Chapter 19 – The Radiant Medium

In a few moments, I’ll finally be able to fight these so-called demons,
Integrity Knights. Bursting with anticipation, the young Fighters
revealed disturbing grins.
In fact, Iskahn had been completely dispassionate towards the
Integrity Knights of the Human Empire until he received the call to
arms. He had looked upon them with contempt, under the
impression that they were merely ruffians who hid behind armor
and swords. Among all Humans in the Dark Territory, there was
only one Dark Knight whom he had respected as a true fighter: the
deceased Dark General Shasta.
But while he was meditating as he stood by for the order to attack,
he had sensed the Integrity Knights’ fighting spirit and aggressive
energy, and that was something. At least they aren’t just relying on
their high-class weapons, he thought.
There must be impressively trained bodies beneath the armor and
swords.
With heightened expectations, Iskahn couldn’t be more excited
about fighting them fist-to-fist.
So.
When he finally sighted a Knight in front of the hill where the
enemy army had stopped minutes ago, the Fist Fighter chief’s
mouth dropped open, dumbstruck by her standing figure.
How thin.
She seemed to be a woman, so maybe her lack of a muscular build
was inevitable; even so, she was way too thin. Although she was
clad in metallic armor, she still looked more fragile than any of
Iskahn’s female Fighters. Her armorless body would only be about
as muscular as a Sorceress’s. Even the long sword hanging from
her waist looked like a roasting spit.
Signaling with his right hand for his subordinates to stop, Iskahn
skidded to a halt, kicking up a dust cloud. Raising his eyebrows
that were curled up at the end like a flame, he opened his mouth.
175

Sword Art Online Volume 16 – Alicization Exploding
Chapter 19 – The Radiant Medium

“Who’re you? What the hell are you doin’ here?”
Slightly shaking her long, straight gray hair, the female Knight
tilted her head. She looked as though she were thinking of what to
say — or rather, pondering whether she wanted to answer the
questions.
Her brows, eyes, nose, and mouth looked as though they had been
sculpted with a sharp knife. Without a shred of emotion on her
clean face, the female Knight spoke quietly:
“I’m here to stop you.”
Iskahn exhaled a large amount of air from his nose and mouth; no
one knew whether he was laughing or upset, but in the end he just
shrugged.
“You can’t even stop a little kid. Oh, I know… You’re a Knight good
at arts, eh?”
There was another awkwardly long silence before she answered.
“Arts are not my strength.”
Irritated by his enemy’s belittling attitude, Iskahn said: “Well,
whatever,” and called out one of his subordinates. “Yotte, fight
her.”
“Here I come!!”
A rather diminutive female Fighter leapt out of the formation with
a vigorous reply. Despite that, she was still several times sturdier
than the female Knight. Flexing her stiff muscles and darting to
and fro, she revealed a savage leer that was completely different
from her opponent.
“HAAH!”
From five mel away, the female Fighter punched the air,
generating wind that rustled the female Knight’s hair.
Even then, there was not an ounce of fighting spirit on the Knight’s
slender face. Instead, she looked confused and whispered softly.
176

Sword Art Online Volume 16 – Alicization Exploding
Chapter 19 – The Radiant Medium

“… Just one…?”
“That’s my line, you skeleton!”
Curling her thick lips, Yotte shouted.
“After I teach you a lesson, I’m gonna stuff lots and lots of dried
meat into your tiny little mouth before I finish you off! Just pull
out your sword already!!”
With a face as though saying ‘So you have nothing more to say’,
the female Knight gripped the handle on her left waist.
Shiyuran. Catching sight of the effortlessly drawn blade —
“…what the fuck!?”
Iskahn, who had backed off and crossed his arms, shouted
instinctively.
“Thin” was an insufficient description. The scabbard already
looked like a roasting spit, but the blade inside it was just a cen
wide, like a child’s finger. The sword was matte black and thin as
paper; just being able to see it was difficult under the starry night
sky. How fragile.
Yotte’s face flushed red with anger.
“… Y’ gotta be kiddin’ me…”
Performing a short martial dance, or rather, battering the earth
with her feet, the female Fighter charged straight and quickly
closed the distance between her and the Knight.
Even to Iskahn, that was quite an impressive sprint. Team Rabbit
of the Fist Fighters’ Guild were, unlike their name, elites that were
not only agile, but skilled precision fighters.
Bibat!
Splitting the air, Yotte lashed out.
Unable to avoid the close-range attack, the female Knight
defended with her paper-thin sword.
177

Sword Art Online Volume 16 – Alicization Exploding
Chapter 19 – The Radiant Medium

The resounding noise was piercingly high, as if created by a
collision of two metal objects. Blinding golden sparks shot out.
Immediately after.
The needlelike sword was easily bent.
Iskahn smiled. A normal sword would never cut the skin of a Fist
Fighter.
The children born as Fist Fighters were thrown into the training
facility as soon as they became five years of age. Their very first
training was snapping a cast iron knife with one punch.
As they matured, cast iron would be replaced with wrought iron,
and knives would be replaced with long swords. Not only did they
have to split them, they had to withstand slashes from the
weapons without any protection. Through their training, the
adolescents were confident that blades were nothing to be afraid
of. I am invulnerable to blades. That belief — in other words,
Incarnation, turned their bodies into steel.
As the guild chief, Iskahn could stop a needle 2 cen in diameter
with his eyeball.
Although Yotte, a normal Fighter, had not trained her Incarnation
to this extent, she was one of the ten group leaders in Team
Rabbit. Her fist did not lose to any sword.
Especially not that pitifully thin one.
All of the Fist Fighters had one image in their heads: the horribly
bent black needle would snap with an embarrassing crack, and a
fist would sink into the female Knight’s face.
Thew.
A strange sound, like a whip slicing the air.
Yotte froze, her fist hovering in the air. The punch barely grazed
the female Knight’s right cheek, and the Knight’s hand lifted up.
Iskahn could not see the black blade clearly from his position.
178

Sword Art Online Volume 16 – Alicization Exploding
Chapter 19 – The Radiant Medium

— What the hell? That’s a pretty large target to miss.
The chief cursed. Even if Yotte wins this battle, she’ll have to start
her training all over again in the arena’s third-class waiting room.
No matter how tough one’s fist is, it’s useless if it doesn’t hit the
oppone…
Yotte’s clenched fist silently split apart between her middle and
ring finger.
“Wh………”
In front of the stunned Iskahn, the fissure continued from Yotte’s
wrist to her elbow, through her upper limb, and passing through
her shoulder.
Perfectly displaying a cross section precise to the bone, muscles
and even the thinnest blood vessels, the outer part of Yotte’s right
arm dropped onto the ground. Only after did blood erupt in
multiple jets, forming a crimson mist.
“— GHAAAAAAAAAAAA!!”
Uttering an earsplitting shriek, Yotte collapsed to the ground,
cradling her right arm.
The female Knight retracted her arm, and breathed a small sigh.
Back during her life in the Central Cathedral, ≪The Silent≫ Sheyta
seldom spoke. This was not due to introversion, nor because she
hated everyone else.
Just to avoid attention from other Integrity Knights — she
suppressed her own existence, hoping that no one would
challenge her to any sparring matches.
If she were to cross swords with anyone, even if it had been
Knight Commander Bercouli, she possibly could have killed her
opponent.
Fearing that this might happen, she had kept silent in the hundred
years living in the Cathedral.
179

Sword Art Online Volume 16 – Alicization Exploding
Chapter 19 – The Radiant Medium

Even if she spoke, her familiar caretaker and the elevating-disk
operator girl were the only ones she would talk to.
Sheyta was entirely a swordsman, synthesized after winning the
Four Empires Unity Tournament.
However, the records of that year’s tournament were completely
erased. The reason was that, in a tournament that appraised the
principle of mercy as one’s best quality, blood had been shed:
Sheyta had brutally murdered every single one of her opponents.
The high-ranking Integrity Knight Sheyta Synthesis Twelve, in a
certain sense, shared a similar mindset with the chief of the Fist
Fighters’ guild, Iskahn.
Iskahn thought only about beating up something or someone,
while Sheyta was interested in nothing but slicing things in half.
Despite that, from the bottom of her heart, she had never, ever
enjoyed it.
She would just cut. Whether it be human or object, when she was
confronted with something, Sheyta could already see its cross
section sliced clean. Whenever that happened, she was never able
to stop herself from realizing it. If her opponent were a wooden
practice dummy, she could even cleanly sever it with her hand.
Sheyta had always suppressed her cut-hungry nature as
something sinister.
The first to perceive this deeply hidden impulse in her heart was
the Highest Minister Administrator.
For two hundred years, Administrator had been attempting to
deduce the Spacial Sacred Energy Theory, which was now
common knowledge to every learner of arts.
While the Highest Minister was still researching, she became
deeply obsessed with the last and largest war in the Dark
Territory that put the ≪Age of Blood and Iron≫ to an end.

180

Sword Art Online Volume 16 – Alicization Exploding
Chapter 19 – The Radiant Medium

Administrator was concerned that it would be such a waste for no
one to collect the virtually infinite Sacred Energy that had been
released from the fierce battle between the five Dark Territory
races, which took place in the wilderness between the Human
Empire and the Imperial Capital Obsidia.
Despite that, she had been careful to never visit the Dark Territory
herself. Instead, she had summoned Knight Sheyta. The Highest
Minister had whispered to Sheyta, who had already earned the
moniker, ≪The Silent≫:
— Journey there alone and look for something in the battlefield. A
demonic beast, or something of the sort unharmed by the war would
be best if you can find one. If not, any large animal will do. A bird or
an insect at least. Just find me anything that’s engorged with Spacial
Sacred Energy.
— Bring it to me, and from it, I will fashion a Divine Instrument for
you.
— A sword with the highest Priority, a sword that can slice anything
in half… How about that?
Sheyta could not resist the temptation. An Integrity Knight could
not disobey an order from the Highest Minister anyway, but she,
without taking a dragon to get over the Mountain Range at the
Edge, trekking thousands of kilol deep into the land of ash, arrived
at the battlefield that stank of blood.
There were no moving creatures where the five races had strained
their limits to kill each other. Not even a mouse or a crow had
survived, let alone a beast.
But Sheyta did not give in. A sword that can slice anything in half.
The phrase had captured her heart, leaving her unable to think of
anything else.
At the end of her three day search —
She finally found one lone black lily, wobbling flimsily in the wind.

181

Sword Art Online Volume 16 – Alicization Exploding
Chapter 19 – The Radiant Medium

That small flower was the only object that had survived the vast
battlefield, charged with Spacial Sacred Energy.
The Highest Minister Administrator generated an extremely slim
sword out of the flower that Sheyta brought back, and bestowed it
upon her with the name ≪Black Lily Sword≫.
A year later, after killing an Integrity Knight in a duel, she was put
into hibernation at her own request.
Sheyta did not know whether she sighed out of sympathy or
intoxication when she cut the female Fist Fighter’s fist.
Come to think of it, she also did not understand why she had
volunteered ten minutes ago to defend this place, speaking to the
Knight Commander and breaking her silence. Rather, she was
unaware of any motivation to join the Defense Army half a year
ago, volunteering herself while all of the Knights were invited.
Is it because I hope to protect the Human Empire, like the other
Knights?
Or is it simply because I want to cut?
Or — it wants me to cut?
Well, it doesn’t matter anymore. The situation is what it is, and
there’s no way to stop the sword anymore. Let’s just hope that there
won’t be too many lives taken.
Sheyta calmly raised her head, and glanced at the terrified Fist
Fighters who had frozen to the spot.
Without a trace of hesitation or fear, the gray Knight gripped her
slender, pitch-black sword, and slashed head-on towards the
hundred Fist Fighters.
***
“… What an incredible performance.”
At Alice’s hoarse comment, Bercouli muttered in a low voice.

182

Sword Art Online Volume 16 – Alicization Exploding
Chapter 19 – The Radiant Medium

“Right… Let me tell you something that you shouldn’t tell anyone
else. Half a year ago, while I was waking her up from her deep
freeze, I was actually kind of scared.”
“I never knew. I never knew that Sheyta-dono has been so
adept…”
Beneath the hill, the battle between one hundred Fist Fighters and
Integrity Knight Sheyta unfolded. To be precise, it was a one-sided
massacre.
Whenever a thew came from the extremely thin and malleable
sword, the limbs of the surrounding enemies would immediately
separate from their bodies and hit the ground.
While impressed, Alice was slightly concerned about something
that she should have felt from Sheyta’s slim frame.
She could not feel Sheyta’s murderous intent at all. Not only that,
she could not even feel a shred of hostility.
If so, then how is she able fight so ferociously?
“Don’t think about it. Even though I’ve been watching her for more
than a hundred years, I still understand nothing about her.
Nothing.” The Knight Commander whispered and turned around.
“We can leave this to her. The main enemy army should be
arriving very soon; we have to prepare for the counterattack over
there.”
“… Okay.”
Nodding and looking away from the battle below her, Alice
followed him.
***
About a thousand kilol south from Bercouli and Alice, who were
walking down the hill, the gray, rough wilderness finally came to
an end, where some irregularly shaped shrubbery grew in the
area. The main formation of the decoy division was concealed
among them.
183

Sword Art Online Volume 16 – Alicization Exploding
Chapter 19 – The Radiant Medium

They consisted of one thousand Guards, two hundred Ascetics,
and a supply team of fifty people. They had to face the five
thousand Fist Fighters with such a small force.
Integrity Knight Renri had ordered the Guards and the Ascetics to
hide in the plants’ shadows, dividing them into twenty teams. The
supply team wagon had carved fresh grooves into the only narrow
path that stretched through the entire wooded area. The plan was
to perform a pincer attack as the enemy followed the ruts into
deep enough woods.
Renri had already heard from the Knight Commander that their
swords would be ineffective on Fist Fighters, and he had heard
about their weakness as well.
Fist Fighters were not good at defending themselves against
Sacred Arts.
In the northern wilderness where not even moss could grow,
there was simply not enough Sacred Energy to deploy any highpowered arts, but the air should be thicker in the shrubbery. The
Ascetics hiding behind the leaves would ambush the enemy
together, then retreat to the south while protected by the Guards.
From the above, five Dragons would torch the enemy with their
flame breath in the midst of the chaos.
Prepared for a quick retreat, Renri stationed the eight supply team
wagons at the southernmost part of the shrubbery area. He
determined that, the further away from the front line, the safer
they would be.
However, just as Renri was devoting his mind to preparing the
ambush, the five Guards, who were stations around the wagons
just in case something happened, silently died, one after another,
without uttering so much as a whimper.
Its entire body clad in glossless black metallic armor that was
fitted with a demonic horned helmet, a shadow moved
soundlessly.
184

Sword Art Online Volume 16 – Alicization Exploding
Chapter 19 – The Radiant Medium

Before him, a Guard of the Human Empire Defense Army looked
left and right, alert. He did not, however, look behind him at all,
because the other Guards should have been watching that space.
The shadow entered his blind spot, approaching as if it were
gliding. A long sword was equipped on its waist, but it did not
draw. Instead, it casually raised the tiny dagger in its right hand.
It stretched its left arm like a black snake, blocking the Guard’s
mouth and nose.
At the same time, its right hand flashed, slitting his exposed throat
in a straight line.
In complete silence, his Life was drained. Right after the Guard’s
body suddenly lost its strength, the black shadow pushed it under
the nearest bush.
Behind the black veil that covered its face, a barely audible voice
slipped out.
“Five, dooown.”
The shadow giggled.
This was not the Ancient Sacred Tongue.
This shadow was actually one of the three real-world people in
the Underworld. He, Vassago Casals, was the adjutant under
Gabriel Miller, who posed as Emperor Vector.
About an hour ago, Vassago was swigging his red wine straight
from the bottle for the umpteenth time. Meanwhile, he caught
sight of the large-scale art, which ended with a pathetic failure for
his side, and finally said something that sounded like advice.
“Hey, bro. How ‘bout we stop depending on those guys and try
moving a bit by ourselves?”
Gabriel rolled his eyes at Vassago, raised his blond eyebrows and
replied.
“Okay, then you can make the move.”
185

Sword Art Online Volume 16 – Alicization Exploding
Chapter 19 – The Radiant Medium

The instructions that followed were not to invade the valley that
the Human Empire Army was protecting, but to travel somewhere
far away from the battlefield, far south, in the middle of nowhere.
When the enemy eradicated the Demihuman troops with a laser
beam like those in sci-fi movies, Gabriel had already predicted
that part of the enemy would be selected to enter the Dark
Territory.
But when Vassago heard this, he questioned why he had to
specifically move south instead of north. Hearing the reply “Look,
there’s more space that way”, he couldn’t help but be even more
doubtful. But since the enemy did actually come, he could only
admit his mistake and get to work.
No matter how strong the Human Empire units were, they would
definitely stop if they lost all of their food supply. In order to
continue his ‘Killing Time’, which was his first since Diving into
this world, he gazed into the dark woods.
Very quickly, he found wagons camouflaged with branches and
leaves.
Licking his lips under the mask, the assassin began moving again.
Then, something moved behind a wagon. He stopped abruptly and
pressed himself against a tree.
A fair-skinned young girl with tea-colored hair, which was not a
face of the Dark Territory, stuck her head out of the roof. Perhaps
she had sensed something, as she was looking around with a
nervous expression.
As Vassago stayed still, it did not take long for the girl to step
carefully out of the cart. She whispered something to someone in
the wagon, and finally began to walk slowly.
Wearing minimal defensive equipment on top of gray clothes that
looked like a high school uniform, the girl was heading straight to
Vassago’s hiding place.

186

Sword Art Online Volume 16 – Alicization Exploding
Chapter 19 – The Radiant Medium

Resisting the temptation to whistle, the assassin gripped his
blood-soaked dagger tightly in his right fist.
***
“— DOOOON’T…”
Forced to watch his Fighters, whom he had painstakingly trained,
effortlessly defeated nearby, Iskahn screamed in anger as he
recovered from shock.
“GET TOO COCKY, YOU BIIIIITCH!!”
Kicking onto ground hard enough to produce a giant crack, he
fiercely charged.
Flames erupted on his taut right fist as though they were the
scorching fury itself.
He punched straight at the neck of the gray Integrity Knight.
Sparks flew from his fist, creating a blazing tail in the air along its
path.
At that moment, the Knight had just finished a slash with the
sword in her right hand; she tried to block Iskahn’s punch with
her gauntleted left hand.
— To my punch… all armor is no more than paper!!
The strike engorged with Incarnation collided into the female
Knight’s palm; blinding sparks burst in all directions.
Immediately, the gray gauntlet shattered with a deafening crack,
and the armor pieces from her arm to her shoulder were shredded
and blown away.
Countless cuts crossed the smooth, white skin of the exposed left
arm; droplets of blood flew into the air like grains of sand.
However, surprisingly, he did not feel any bones breaking.
Even though it should be excruciatingly painful, the female Knight
only frowned slightly, her right hand flashing her super-slim
sword while her left hand grasped Iskahn’s right fist.
187

Sword Art Online Volume 16 – Alicization Exploding
Chapter 19 – The Radiant Medium

Kiiin! A high metallic noise resonated, and sparks burst again from
the Fist Fighter’s elbow.
The source of Fist Fighters’ strength was the confidence of being
invulnerable to all blades. In order to obtain that confidence, they
wrapped their bodies only with belts, exposing their skin. The
moment they fell back on any kind of defensive equipment, a Fist
Fighter’s Incarnation would be weakened.
Therefore, Iskahn was trying to deflect the black blade that was
about to cut through his right arm, just with his determination.
But.
The dense frigidity that almost sank into his skin was completely
different from what he had felt from any other sword, even having
taken slashes from them with bare skin.
This paper-thin sword was not just cold, hard steel; it represented
will. Instead of a desire for victory, it was simply a thirst for
division.
Sensing this, Iskahn reflexively punched with his left fist.
Po! Shattering the air, the punch pierced the space where the
female Knight had been an instant ago.
That was impressively agile, but she did not completely evade the
strike: the punch grazed her gray chestplate. As the Knight jumped
out of the way, her chestplate shattered just like her gauntlet had.
But Iskahn was not uninjured either.
On his inner elbow, at the point that had met the blade for less
than a second, there was a very shallow cut. A tiny droplet of
blood slowly beaded out from its center. Only a drop — yet a drop
nonetheless.
Licking the blood away, the young Fist Fighter savagely grinned.
“… Hey, bitch. You’re quite different inside from what you look like
on the outside, huh.”
188

Sword Art Online Volume 16 – Alicization Exploding
Chapter 19 – The Radiant Medium

The gray female Knight and replied with something completely
irrelevant.
“… I should be older than you…”
“Huh? You got that right. Integrity Knights like you are monsters
that don’t get old for decades, right? What, you want me to call
you granny?”
“……”
Below her eyes, the female Knight’s clean face jerked, but soon she
returned to dispassion.
“… I forgive you. You are very hard. I can barely see where I can
slice.”
“Tsk… What the hell are you talking about?”
Iskahn clucked his tongue, feeling his spirit weakened from her
offbeat attitude. However, as he looked around at the Fist Fighters
on the ground, he recovered his anger.
Twenty of them of them, men or women, were moaning, their
arms or legs having been cut from their bodies by the slim sword.
The most unforgivable thing was, not only did the female Knight
harm his subordinates, she was apparently merciful to them by
sparing their lives. None of the injured had lost their heads. With
her skills and the sharpness of the sword, the Knight could easily
have made that extra stroke if she wished.
“… So you treat us like wood dummies for your fucking sword
practice. Unforgivable… I’m gonna beat you to a pulp!!”
Zun, zat, zun!!
The remaining active Fighters followed the quick steps of the
Martial Dance. Fierce war cries overlapped with their stamping on
the ground.
Ooh, rah, oorarah. Ooh, rah, oorarah.

189

Sword Art Online Volume 16 – Alicization Exploding
Chapter 19 – The Radiant Medium

As they stomped and vibrated the air, the Fist Fighters intensified
their Incarnation. Drops of sweat flied off from their copper skin,
transforming into flying, blazing sparks.
The Integrity Knight did not move, as if she were waiting for
Iskahn to reach his maximum state.
— That’s right.
The Fist Fighter champion stopped his steps; flames roared from
his reddish golden curly hair, and blinding light effused from both
of his hands.
The female Knight, as his opponent, was persistently calm. In her
right hand, the pitch-black super-slim sword was giving off a
freezing energy.
“Heeeere I come, you BIIIIIIIIITCH!!”
Setting the air ablaze with a pow, Iskahn instantly closed the
distance between them in a straight line.
The female Knight effortlessly swung the sword in her right hand.
Thew.
Just before the fine black line touched Iskahn’s shoulder —
Faster than the sword that swung earlier than him, a blow from
the Fist Fighter struck the female Knight’s left leg. Not a punch,
but a kick. His right foot shot up, hitting the gray leg guard directly
with his toes.
With astonishing reflexes, the Knight stopped her sword and
leaned forward, avoiding a fall, but the left leg guard was instantly
shattered. The skirt around her waist was torn; her toned yet slim
legs were exposed.
“Don’t think Fist Fighters can only punch!!”
Grinning confidently, Iskahn began a high kick with his left leg.
The female Knight turned her wrist, trying to parry the kick with
her sword.
190

Sword Art Online Volume 16 – Alicization Exploding
Chapter 19 – The Radiant Medium

The instant that the blade and the leg clashed, a deafening crack
was accompanied by a shower of blazing sparks. The Fist Fighter
Chief pulled his toned left leg back, feeling a sharp pain, and
suddenly thrust his right fist forward.
Bathed in crimson flames, the strike hit the Knight’s chestplate
squarely in the middle.
Kaboom! An almighty explosion propelled the two of them away
from each other. Iskahn backflipped in midair and landed on the
ground.
His left leg stabbed with pain again. He glanced at it.
On his rock-hard shin that could easily bend a steel bar, a fresh cut
carved a straight line. Dark red blood flowed out at once, dripping
onto the black ground.
Snickering at this small scratch, he observed the enemy.
The female Knight managed to withstand this as well, but she
pressed her left hand onto her chest and coughed a few times. Her
chestplate, already damaged, had shattered completely; her right
hand gauntlet and the gray clothing covering her chests were the
only things left on her upper body. There was not much left on her
lower body either: only a torn skirt and her right shin guard.
Exclusive to those born in the Human Empire, her snow-white
skin seemed to glow even in the darkness. Seeing this, Iskahn
sneered:
“Now you look more like a fighter, but there just aren’t enough
muscles. Go eat and train more, bitch.”
The Fist Fighters around jeered at her, but the Knight calmly tore
off a hanging piece of cloth from her left shoulder and raised the
sword in her right hand. Thew.
“… But you’ve become a bit softer just now.”
“… THE FUCK DID YOU SAY?”
His nostrils flared and he bared his canine teeth.
191

Sword Art Online Volume 16 – Alicization Exploding
Chapter 19 – The Radiant Medium

Even though he was bluffing with his expression, Iskahn felt that
his breaths had become slightly quicker.
There’s no way my spirit would decrease just by seeing some
uncovered limbs. The women over here show much more of their
skin every day, only a fresh trainee kid would hesitate just by seeing
that.
The whole world is made out of opponents that I must beat up with
my tough body, even if it’s a foreign woman who’s slim enough that
the wind could bend her bones, whose skin is shining white.
“There’s no turning back… I’m gonna show you all I’ve got!!”
Howling like a wolf, Iskahn jabbed his index finger at the female
Knight:
“So show me yours as well, bitch!! Don’t give me that fucking
sleepy face!!”
As he said so, the Knight looked confused again, and touched her
own cheeks and the middle of her forehead with her left hand.
Changing her eyebrows’ angle into a slightly fiercer look, she said:
“Bring it on… please.”
“…… Yeah, bring it on.”
I’ll be thinking nonsense again if I follow her pace.
Iskahn inhaled deeply, gathered power in his stomach, and
violently bent over.
Putting his left fist to his waist, and pointing his right fist at his
opponent, he noisily exhaled the air. As he repeated the rough
breathing, his parted legs began to glow red, drawing power from
the ground. The energy channeled through his body and gathered
at his fist.
Crimson blazing flames gradually shone yellow, and eventually
turned bluish white.

192

Sword Art Online Volume 16 – Alicization Exploding
Chapter 19 – The Radiant Medium

Now Iskahn’s right fist was at a temperature so high that it could
almost burn the air, making high, sharp noises.
The female Knight faced him sideways, extended her left hand to
the front with her thumb and fingers neatly lined up, and swung
the fine sword in her right hand behind her. Her arms aligned in a
straight line, giving a feel of strength like a catapult prepared to
launch with full power.
The tension in Iskahn was so immense that he felt like he was
already split into half, from the head all the way down to the
stomach. And yet he grinned excitedly.
— She’s the first one to burn me up this much.
Both of them moved at the exact same moment.
The Knight’s sword drew a pitch-black crescent curve in the air.
The Fist Fighter’s fist became a bluish white comet. At the instant
that they collided, powerful shockwaves exploded outward,
cracking the ground on their way. The remaining Fist Fighters
surrounding the two were irresistibly blown backwards.
The sword and the fist were only meeting at the size of a needle’s
tip, yet they were battling intensely. Surpassing its limit, the
compressed power shot forth into a beam of light, bursting into
the night sky.
With Sheyta’s combat skills, she could have defeated her opponent
without this kind of stupid competition of brute strength.
Slightly surprising to her, the intensity of the young Fist Fighter’s
Incarnation was at the level of a high-ranking Knight. Even so, he
concentrated all of his Incarnation at his fist as he charged, and
other parts of his body actually looked rather soft to Sheyta. It
seemed that she could have evaded the straight punch and cut his
head off right away.

193

Sword Art Online Volume 16 – Alicization Exploding
Chapter 19 – The Radiant Medium

Sheyta, however, did not choose to do that; instead, she countered
the opponent’s white-blue glowing fist head-on. There was no
rationale to this decision; she was simply following her body and
her sword.
Sheyta was rather confused by herself. Since a hundred years ago,
she had already realized that she had none of a Knight’s appraised
mental qualities, such as pride or nobility. She would cut because
she wanted to, and that was all she desired.
It should mean the same when “slice” is replaced with “kill”. Only
when she had been assigned with the mission of securing the
Mountain Range at the Edge, Sheyta could release her true self.
She had ended countless lives of Dark Knights or Goblins by
mercilessly cutting their necks.
She had been suppressing her nature as something sinister, so
much, in fact, that she was called ≪The Silent≫, but why did she
not choose to kill in this particular battle? Sheyta was deeply
puzzled.
But even that was just too much to think about.
Now, at this moment, there was only herself, the Black Lily Sword
and the fist in front of her.
— It’s so hard. Can I cut it in half?
— This is fun.
Iskahn saw the thin and almost colorless lips of the enemy Knight
slightly widening, a smile on her face.
And he had already understood that the smile was not a disgrace
to him — nor the fight.
The reason was that he had the exact same kind of smile on his
face.
— So you’re one of the elegant Human Empire residents born with
such a delicate figure, but we’re the same kind of people, huh.
Click. A small vibration could be felt from within his fist.
194

Sword Art Online Volume 16 – Alicization Exploding
Chapter 19 – The Radiant Medium

Iskahn realized that the noise was not because of any cracks on
the opponent’s black sword, but it came from the fracturing bones
of his own fist.
— No good. Even this doesn’t get through, huh.
— But, well, that’s how it is.
If his fist had been completely cut, for sure the black, slim sword
would cut his entire body in half as well. Even though he expected
for such a result, Iskahn felt no fear. I’m not going to meet such a
great opponent like her for a second time. If so, well, this isn’t such a
dumb way to die.
Right at the moment when he thought so, and was about to close
his eyes for a long nap.
The pressure added onto his fist slightly weakened.
Compressed at one point to its limit, the pressure released all at
once, blowing Iskahn and the Knight away from each other as if
they were mere leaves. He suddenly noticed why his opponent’s
Incarnation had weakened. A large silhouette had tried to slip in
between the two.
Sitting up on the ground, Iskahn yelled at the huge man who fell
down as he did.
“Dampe, you bastard!! … Look at what the fuck you’ve done!!”
“Time’s up, Champion.”
The vice chief said, slightly opening his eyes that were usually
almost closed. He stood up, raised his muscular right arm, and
pointed it to the north.
As Iskahn turned his eyes to the same direction, he could see that
the main army of the Fist Fighters and the Dark Knights behind
had come so close to one another that they could recognize each
other. Right, as the chief of the army, I shouldn’t be too obsessed
with a private battle when an army-scale battle’s beginning
anyway. But—
195

Sword Art Online Volume 16 – Alicization Exploding
Chapter 19 – The Radiant Medium

Clucking his tongue like mad, he spun around. Behind the floating
dust, the enemy Knight that had lost almost all of her equipment
and clothes slid her slim sword back into its scabbard, as though
she did not care at all.

196

Sword Art Online Volume 16 – Alicization Exploding
Chapter 19 – The Radiant Medium

197

Sword Art Online Volume 16 – Alicization Exploding
Chapter 19 – The Radiant Medium

“Hey, bitch! Don’t think you’ve won like this!!”
The young Fist Fighter screamed, forgetting that he had just been
preparing his mind for death.
Swaying her gray hair, the Knight flicked her head to look at
Iskahn, and tilted her head as if she were searching for the right
words to say.
“Umm, that, ‘bitch’ thing… Could you please stop that?”
“Look… In this situation, I don’t know how you’re gonna run
awa…”
At that moment, a strong gust of wind suddenly blew from the
south. The Fist Fighters surrounding her looked towards it as one.
Iskahn blinked unconsciously. In his sight, a Knight stretched her
arm up high, and a gigantic monster quickly descended. Its gray
scales twinkled like stars; this must be a Dragon.
As the Knight grabbed onto a leg, the Dragon rose into the sky at
once.
“Hey you! … Tell me your fucking name before you run away!!”
Intertwined with the noise of the vigorously flapping wings, a mild
voice came down.
“… I’m not running away. I’m… Sheyta Synthesis Twelve.”
He stood up with Dampe pulling his hand; Iskahn watched the
Dragon’s silhouette vanishing into the nocturne darkness, and
clucked his tongue again.
If he were allowed, he would love to fight that strong opponent
again after a year of intense training, since his realized that he had
a lot to improve on.
However, Iskahn was mature enough to know that his personal
desire would be nothing in front of the war strategy.

198

Sword Art Online Volume 16 – Alicization Exploding
Chapter 19 – The Radiant Medium

Once his team rendezvoused with the Fist Fighter main army, they
would have to crush the enemies together with the Dark Knights.
There might not be a chance for them to fight again.
If only I could obtain the ≪Radiant Medium≫ —
After a moment, Iskahn clucked his tongue for a third time, this
time to himself for having such a thought.
— What a retard I am. Begging the Emperor to save the life of that
female Knight as a reward? My entire tribe will be furious at me.
Pulling himself out of the thoughts, Iskahn went to the
subordinate that held a jar of medicine, in order to cure his left
leg.

199

Sword Art Online Volume 16 – Alicization Exploding
Chapter 19 – The Radiant Medium

2
That’s right.
Just come ‘ere like that.
Vassago thought as he savored the pleasure of the ambush, like a
piece of candy in his mouth.
My hiding is perfect. Though the metallic armor had some
drawbacks, he was still able to melt into the shadow of the
shrubbery.
The black-haired girl was cautiously surveilling her surroundings,
but her eyes merely passed through the bush that Vassago was
hiding behind. 7 meters left… 5 meters…
— Good. Feels really good. I’ve missed this so much.
Approaching within 3 meters, the girl suddenly turned to her right
and walked towards where Vassago had concealed the bodies.
He could have waited for her to come closer, but, well, that
wouldn’t change much.
Vassago slid from the darkness in dead silence and lunged at the
girl from behind, thrusting forth his left hand. Muffling her mouth
and slicing cleanly across her nervously taut throat with his
dagger —
His anticipation was so realistic that Vassago could not
immediately react to the blade flashing right before his eyes.
“… Whoa!”
As he hurriedly backed off, the tip of the blade whistled under his
cheek, where his bare skin was exposed.
The girl, who had seemed not to notice him at all, suddenly
unsheathed her sword from her left waist and slashed towards
him without even turning around.
200

Sword Art Online Volume 16 – Alicization Exploding
Chapter 19 – The Radiant Medium

That was one awesome counter. Had he stepped forward just a
little more, his throat would have been cleaved in two.
Spinning around, the girl held her sword properly. He could see no
surprise in her sapphire eyes, though they revealed fear and
hostility. Vassago couldn’t help but admit that his hiding was seen
through very quickly.
Twirling the dagger in his right hand, he opened his mouth.
“Hey, baby.”
He suddenly remembered that English wouldn’t work, and
switched to Japanese that sounded almost native.
“How’d you know, little girl?”
The girl replied coldly while gripping her sword, fully alert.
“… My senpai told me: don’t just rely on your eyes; feel with your
entire body.”
“S-senpaaai…?”
As he blinked in confusion, Vassago felt the sting of some ancient
memory. I must’ve heard that somewhere…
But before he could form any substantial thought, the girl took a
deep breath and let out a deafening scream.
“Enemy!! There’s an enemy — !!”
He clucked his tongue, and retracted his short knife back to the
right of his waist.
Well, guess that’s the end of the game.
Vassago threw up his left arm with an exaggerated motion and
shouted as well.
“Guys… Get to work!!”
This time, the girl’s eyes widened in genuine shock.

201

Sword Art Online Volume 16 – Alicization Exploding
Chapter 19 – The Radiant Medium

From within the shrubbery tens of meters behind Vassago, there
came the scuffling of rustling branches; it was created by the
thirty lightly-armored scouts selected from the main Dark Knight
army rising to their feet, one after another.
A second girl jumping off the wagon, along with the ten or so
Guards dashing from the north in response to the girl’s warning,
were equally dumbstruck.
***
“Wh… The enemy’s at the back!? And there’s about thirty
people!?”
Integrity Knight Renri repeated loudly, hardly believing the
distress call from the supply team.
This is bad — This is bad!
If the wagons were assaulted and the supplies were burnt or
destroyed, the entire army would grind to a halt. Not only that,
there were three people over there: two trainee girls who had
sworn on their lives to defend it, and also a young man.
I have to send them a rescue team of a hundred, no, two hundred
men. But if I split the main army even further, they might lose to
the enemies approaching from the north. By then, they would
immediately lose to the enemy’s overwhelming number.
Wait, maybe our ambush plan has already been exposed? If it has,
then should I have the entire army retreat further south, and wait
for another chance?
Unable to come up with a proper conclusion, Renri stood still.
Then, a rough voice entered his ears.
“I never thought that they would’ve predicted us going south and
laid an ambush here ahead of us…”
Knight Commander Bercouli and Alice had just returned from the
northern hill a kilol away.

202

Sword Art Online Volume 16 – Alicization Exploding
Chapter 19 – The Radiant Medium

Renri viewed them both as possessing strength that towered far
into the clouds above, but no longer could he detect even a sliver
of calm on their faces, and especially not for Alice. She looked as
though she were ready to fly for the supply team at once.
Looking to the north over Bercouli’s shoulder, behind the hilly
area, Renri could almost clearly see the giant dust cloud of the
approaching army.
The Knight Commander closed his eyes for a moment, then
quickly revealed his bluish-gray gaze, and boomed:
“Renri, tell the main army to back off. Lil’ miss, get to the supply
team right now. I’ll hold off the enemies coming from the north.”
“But, how, exactly? … There are more than five thousand soldiers,
Oji-sama! And didn’t you say that swords don’t work against
them…”
“Don’t worry, I’ll find a way. Just go!! Lil’ miss… no, Alice, you were
the one who decided a fight to the death until our very last
warrior falls!!”
Leaving those words with her, Bercouli immediately turned to the
north.
His right hand, rough as the gnarled trunk of a tree, slowly drew
the Time Piercing Sword from his left waist.
By the aged blade’s fading gleam, one could clearly tell that the
sword only possessed a miniscule amount of Life left.
***
Sparks were thrown three times into the darkness.
The girl with tea-colored hair, who was seeing Vassago for the
first time, parried all of his strikes.
Vassago had even used a combo skill. Therefore, when the sword
flew from the girl’s hand on the third strike and stabbed into a
nearby tree, the assassin couldn’t help but whistle appraisingly.
203

Sword Art Online Volume 16 – Alicization Exploding
Chapter 19 – The Radiant Medium

Even so, the dark-haired girl readied her fists, but Vassago
dropped her with a sweep of his leg. Landing hard on her back, the
girl let out a pained gasp.
“Ronye ——— !!”
A red-haired girl appeared from the wagon; shrieking, she rushed
over.
Gripping the dagger in his right hand, Vassago pressed its tip
against the throat of the girl apparently named Ronye, in order to
restrain the red-haired girl. As though struck by fear, her slim legs
stopped cold.
“Kek… Kekek.”
A muffled cackle slipped out from his mask.
— This is it. This is the feeling.
This is the joy of playing with someone’s life and relationships
with a blade. This is why I just can’t stop player-killing.
“… I won’t kill her, as long as you stand and watch right there.”
Whispering to the red-haired girl, he crouched next to the girl
called Ronye.
Behind him, about thirty bloodthirsty soldiers were inching closer,
step by step.
Tears of fear and humiliation beaded within Ronye’s eyes. Her
fierce determination sank into the depths of despair, and ——
………?
Suddenly, Ronye’s eyes shifted focus from Vassago’s face to the
sky.
Something was reflected in her watery iris.
— Light.
Milky white, radiant particles descended, slowly, gently, softly,
like snow.
204

Sword Art Online Volume 16 – Alicization Exploding
Chapter 19 – The Radiant Medium

As a weird shiver ran down his spine, Vassago slowly lifted his
head.
The night sky was pitch black. The stars were blood red.
In such a background, there floated a small silhouette — and yet
its presence was ludicrously huge.
— That’s a person. A woman.
She wore a breastplate gleaming with a shine akin to that of a
pearl. Her gauntlets and boots were of the same sheen.
Her long skirt was sewed together with countless small pieces of
cloth, fluttering like wings. Her hair flying in the wind was in fresh
chestnut color—
“Stacia… sama.”
Ronye murmured from below.
These words did not reach Vassago’s ears. The instant he had
caught a glimpse of the woman’s face descending from the sky, the
assassin had leapt to his feet as though he were being yanked
upwards.
Freed from Vassago’s grasp, Ronye immediately backed away to
where the red-haired girl was, but he did not even bother to look.
The silhouette floating in the air stretched out her right arm.
She gently swept her delicate hand across.
Laa ———————–
Resembling a chorus of thousands of angels, an overpowering
harmony shook the world.
Spectrums of polychromatic light swallowed Vassago.
The ground beneath his feet vanished.
As he fell into the infinite darkness, Vassago thrust both hands
upwards, trying to grab onto the tiny silhouette.
205

Sword Art Online Volume 16 – Alicization Exploding
Chapter 19 – The Radiant Medium

“Fuckin’ really? … C’mon, fuckin’ really?”
A trembling voice slipped from his mouth.
That face.
That hair.
That atmosphere.
“Isn’t that… ≪The Flash≫ from KoB?”
***
The Knight Commander Bercouli stood still as he raised his
beloved sword.
Before him, there yawned an enormous chasm in the earth, over a
hundred mel wide. He gazed far towards the horizon to his left
and right, but there was no end to be seen. The depth was
unpredictable; bits of rock here and there dropped into the abyss,
yet no sign of impact against the bottom reached his ears.
Tens of seconds ago, this rift in the earth did not exist.
From the sky, variegated rays of color had poured down with a
grandiose harmony, and as they touched the ground, it began to
fracture.
There is absolutely no way to trigger such a groundbreaking
change, not with one thousand Ascetics, or even ten thousand
Ascetics. Perhaps not even the Highest Minister Administrator
herself.
This is the power of a God, a holy act.
Following Dark God Vector, another God is descending to the
mortal world.
Bercouli thought with respect and fear, but he soon dismissed that
notion.
On the other side of the chasm, the five thousand Fist Fighters
were standing stock-still, thunderstruck.
206

Sword Art Online Volume 16 – Alicization Exploding
Chapter 19 – The Radiant Medium

If a God was determined to help the Human Empire, possessing
the right to freely manipulate the lives and deaths of humans, they
could have split the ground directly under the Fist Fighters,
mercilessly plunging them to the depths below. This crack,
however, was created with a safety margin in mind, enough for all
of the Fist Fighters running at full tilt to stop.
From this, the Knight Commander detected a sense of hesitation
towards wiping out a multitude of lives.
In other words, this was done according to human will.

207

Sword Art Online Volume 16 – Alicization Exploding
Chapter 19 – The Radiant Medium

3
— Faster.
— Faster, quickly get me to the ground, to where Kirito-kun is.
Yuuki Asuna had logged into the Underworld with Super Account
01, ≪The Goddess of Creation Stacia≫. Protected by the fallcushioning mechanic only available on the first log in, she
repeated her lover’s name in her mind.
Almost an hour had passed since an unknown armed group had
stormed the independent marine biology research mega-float, the
≪Ocean Turtle≫.
“I’ll go,” Asuna had declared to Kikuoka Seijirou and company, and
FullDived using Soul Translator No. 5. Higa Takeru located her
insertion coordinates, which should have been right above where
Kirito was now. When she landed, her lover would definitely be
waiting there for her.
Accompanying her nearly insane yearning, a stabbing pain racked
Asuna’s head. She grimaced on reflex, resisting the discomfort.
She had been warned about the side effects that would occur with
usage of the ≪unlimited landscape alteration≫ ability, the
administrative authority given to the Stacia account. The area’s
Mnemonic Data was absurdly large; as the data instantly
transferred repeatedly between Asuna’s STL and the Main
Visualizer, which stored the data of the entire Underworld, her
Fluctlight would overload.
As RATH’s chief engineer, Higa had strictly told her not to
recklessly change the landscape too much — to stop whenever
she felt a headache.
Below her were a thousand men from the Human Empire, and two
enormous crowds from the Dark Territory that were approaching
them from both the north and south. As soon as she realized that,
despite the advice, she had immediately chanted the commands.
208

Sword Art Online Volume 16 – Alicization Exploding
Chapter 19 – The Radiant Medium

She put the cluster from the north to a halt by opening a long,
wide valley in front of them. But for the thirty men drawing near
the location where Kirito might be, she had no choice but to erase
the ground they were standing on.
They are all human beings with real souls. They are the true
bottom-up AIs that Kirito has strived for two years in this world to
protect.
Perhaps this sharp pain is their intense fear and grudge flooding
into the STL.
Even so, Asuna closed her eyes tightly, then opened them wide
and freed herself of her hesitation.
Her priorities had been determined for years.
For Kirito — Kirigaya Kazuto, she would commit any sin. She
would accept all deserved punishment.
At long last, the descent came to an end in tens of seconds that
each felt like an eternity; the tips of her pearly boots touched the
black earth.
She was in a wooded area filled with twisted bushes. Without a
moon, there were only ominously shimmering red stars, faintly
shining down from the night sky.
Asuna shook the remaining headache away and straightened her
back. Right next to her feet, a dark, deep hole opened in the
ground, into which she had plunged an armored knight-like Dark
Territory man. It would be rather dangerous to leave it there, but
she had difficulty handling the landscape again in a such a short
time.
She heard the neigh of a horse nearby; looking in that direction,
she realized that a few large wagons were standing behind the
bushes, seemingly hiding.
— Where…? Where are you, Kirito?

209

Sword Art Online Volume 16 – Alicization Exploding
Chapter 19 – The Radiant Medium

Just as Asuna was desperate to the point of nearly crying out his
name, a trembling voice called to her.
“… Stacia… sama?”
She turned her head around, and saw two girls leaning against
each other as they stood. They were both wearing gray jumper
skirts, just like school uniforms.
Their faces were a little strange. They did not look Japanese, nor
they did they look Western. Their skin were smooth and creamcolored; the girl on the right had hair in maple leaf red, and the
girl on the left had hair in a dark coffee brown.
Two timeworn long swords hung from their belts.
The red-haired girl opened her mouth slightly, and a small voice
slipped out once more.
“Are you… God?”
Perfect Japanese, yet her intonation was very subtly foreign. Thus,
Asuna felt she had glimpsed the Underworld’s three-hundred year
independent history.
— Kikuoka-san, Higa-san, look at what you’ve created.
— To Rath, this might only be a simulation, but this entire world
and the people living here, are genuinely alive.
“… No… Sorry, I’m not a god,” Asuna answered as she gently shook
her head.
The girl with dark brown hair wrung her hands. “But, but,” she
whispered. “You’ve kindly saved my life with a miracle. You’ve
saved all of us from those scary soldiers from the Dark Territory…
You’ve saved the Guards, the Ascetics… and Kirito-senpai.”
When she heard that name, Asuna gasped, and a violent twinge
shot through her heart.
She straightened her body that almost lost balance, and finally
squeezed out a feeble voice, her lips trembling.
210

Sword Art Online Volume 16 – Alicization Exploding
Chapter 19 – The Radiant Medium

“I… I just came here to meet him, Kirito… Please tell me… Where is
he? Let me meet him… Take me to Kirito, please.”
Fighting back her tears, Asuna begged. The dumbstruck girls’ eyes
widened, finally exchanged looks, and nodded.
“… Yes. Please follow us.”
The surrounding swordsmen clad in uniform armor formed an
open circle, staring at her from a distance; Asuna walked through
its center as the girls showed her the way.
She was taken to the back of a wagon. A thick, canvas-like curtain
was hanging from the roof, and she could not see inside.
“Kirito-senpai is insi…”
Without waiting for the red-haired girl to finish, Asuna pushed the
curtains aside with both hands and jumped onto the deck. She
stumbled as she advanced.
Hanging from the roof of the cabin, a small lantern threw dim light
onto stacks of wooden boxes and barrels. She slipped through the
tiny space between them, getting deeper and deeper into the
wagon.
Suddenly, she was hit by a nostalgic smell, as warm as the sun, as
refreshing as a slight breeze over grasslands and forests.
Silvery light reflected into Asuna’s eyes, which adjusted to the
darkness.
It was coming from a wheelchair made of a metal frame and
pieces of wood.
In the chair, there was a figure in black, sitting spiritlessly, its
body sagging like a shadow.
“…………Gh.”
Overwhelmed by a storm of emotion, Asuna was struck dumb.
Even though she had envisioned a multitude of scenarios, the
words for their reunion became stuck in her throat.
211

Sword Art Online Volume 16 – Alicization Exploding
Chapter 19 – The Radiant Medium

Now lying in the STL No.4 on the Ocean Turtle in the real world,
the one she loved most was there, in the form of his soul.
Hurt, damaged, but certainly alive.
Back when Kirito met me again in the hospital in Tokorozawa,
when I didn’t wake up even though I was released from the death
game SAO, Kirito must have suffered the same pain, and was as
determined as I am now.
— It’s my turn. I’ll definitely save you, no matter the cost.
Softly exhaling her stuck breath, Asuna whispered:
“…… Kirito-kun.”
The right arm was missing from his emaciated body. Hugging the
black and white swords, his left arm jerked when Asuna’s voice
resonated.
His face stared downwards, and his eyes were empty; both
trembled in tiny spasms.
“Uh……”
A broken, hoarse voice slid from his parched lips.
“Uh… Aaaa… Aahh……”
Taka, taka. The wheelchair was shaking. His left arm stiffened, and
tendons puffed up on his neck.
Two tracks of tears slid down his bowed face and dropped onto
the scabbards in his arms.
“Kirito-kun… Enough, that’s enough!!” Asuna shouted.
She kneeled, and gently but tightly, hugged her lover. From her
own eyes, she also felt warm liquid gushing out without end.

212

Sword Art Online Volume 16 – Alicization Exploding
Chapter 19 – The Radiant Medium

213

Sword Art Online Volume 16 – Alicization Exploding
Chapter 19 – The Radiant Medium

Seeing each other once more, curing Kirito’s soul, his
consciousness would return—
It would be a lie if she said she had not hoped so.
However, Asuna understood that the damage dealt to Kirito’s
Fluctlight was deep. Kirito’s Fluctlight core, or self-image, had
been destroyed. As long as they did not reconstruct it somehow,
no matter how much input he was exposed to, he could not
articulate a proper output.
Higa’s voice resounded in her mind.
— It seems that he has some accomplices… I mean comrades.
They’re artificial Fluctlights, of course. And most of his comrades
died when they fought the Church, so in the end he severely
blamed himself when he succeeded in contacting us. In other
words, he attacked his own Fluctlight.
Desolation, regret and despair had cut a bottomless hole into
Kirito’s heart.
— Even if that hole were infinite emptiness, I will fill it up. If I
can’t manage that by myself, I’ll enlist the help of those who
connected their hearts with you. There just isn’t any loss that can’t
be replaced with love.
Asuna felt her determination replenish: she would not let Kirito
feel any sorrow again, not a shred of it.
— I will protect this world, which Kirito loved and lived in. I’ll
protect it from the mysterious attackers… and even from RATH.
After hugging Kirito tightly for one last time, Asuna stood up
straight.
She spun around; and as tears flowed down her cheeks, she smiled
at the two observing girls.
“Thank you. You two have been protecting Kirito, haven’t you?”
The dark brown-haired girl nodded humbly, and replied with a
question in a trembling voice:
214

Sword Art Online Volume 16 – Alicization Exploding
Chapter 19 – The Radiant Medium

“Excuse me, may I… have your name, please? If you’re not Staciasama, then… who are you?”
“My name is Asuna. I’m a human like you. And just like Kirito, I
come from the outside world… for the same purpose.”

215

Sword Art Online Volume 16 – Alicization Exploding
Chapter 19 – The Radiant Medium

4
“All I can say is… I’m rather surprised.”
On the second floor of the imperial throne carriage, beside Gabriel
who overlooked the sudden crack in the ground, came a voice that
seemed quite relaxed.
He turned towards the voice and saw, popping up from one of the
various hatches in the deck, the burly face of a middle-aged man.
He recalled that this was Lengil, the head of the Merchants’ Guild.
Lengil joined his long sleeves and performed a sincere salute.
While he seemed to be one of the few remaining General Units,
this man did not seem like he possessed any notable fighting
prowess. What was the matter? Gabriel raised an eyebrow in
acknowledgement. Lengil glanced left and right, but his body
remained facing Gabriel. He saw that Vassago was not around, but
did not say anything else and saluted once more.
“Your Majesty. The moon will rise soon… If there are no further
orders to be executed accordingly, I humbly request that the
troops be allowed to rest and dine.”
“Okay.”
He peered into the black, gaping chasm again.
The scouts that had been sent to report on its size had not yet
returned. In other words, it wouldn’t be just a few mel. And by the
looks of it, it seemed that a hole of this depth was not one that
could be easily filled in with raw civilian manpower.
Predicting that the enemy army had managed to infiltrate the
southern parts, where Vassago and his subordinates were, there
was now an extremely high chance that they would all be
eliminated if they did nothing. But even if Vassago himself were to
die here, he would still awaken in the real world.

216

Sword Art Online Volume 16 – Alicization Exploding
Chapter 19 – The Radiant Medium

Now he had to use the flying Units. But the Dark Knights only had
ten dragons. He did not know the number of trips it would take to
transport twenty thousand footsoldiers.
Or maybe it was possible with magic. But according to the Dark
Sorceresses he had consulted, creating a sufficient bridge for the
entire army to cross was not possible. If they were all as powerful
as their leader D.I.L, maybe, with more Demihuman sacrifices…
But reports told that D.I.L. had been vaporized in battle by an
enemy Knight’s counterattack.
— For someone full of ambition, you left the battle so quickly.
Gabriel thought with a twinge of regret. But at the end of the day,
an AI was merely a piece on a chessboard, and her existence
disappeared from his mind.
In other words —
That yawning chasm was something that upsetted the “game
balance” of this world. This world had nothing that neither the
Human Empire AI nor Dark Territory AI were incapable of fixing.
If that were the case, this likely involved interference from the
real world. Somebody from RATH, probably a higher-up, had
logged in with a super account like him.
They might even have the same goal. Retrieve «Alice», then eject
to the real world through a system console.
Although things were getting troublesome, at this point, he could
only plan accordingly.
Or rather — things were getting more interesting.
The corners of Gabriel’s mouth lifted in the slightest of smirks.
After it disappeared, he turned to Lengil.
“Very well. We will set up camp here tonight. Feed the troops well;
tomorrow will be a busy day.”
“Yes, sire. Your Majesty’s benevolence is truly humbling.”
217

Sword Art Online Volume 16 – Alicization Exploding
Chapter 19 – The Radiant Medium

Paying his respects once more, the Merchants’ Guild chief left in
high spirits.
***
“From the same world as… Kirito-senpai?”
The two girls asked in unison, their red and blue eyes round.
“Th-that means… the world of the gods? The three gods who
created this world… the Kingdom in the sky that the gods who
govern the Elements, and the angels reside in…?”
“No.”
Asuna shook her head.
“It is a world outside of this one, but definitely not one of the gods.
Because… Look at Kirito-kun, do you guys think he looks like a god
or an angel?”
The girls looked towards the wheelchair again, exchanged looks,
then both stifled giggles. They hastily adjusted their expressions,
and nodded.
“Yes… Yes… Right, there shouldn’t be any gods who escape from
the academy in the middle of the night to buy snacks… right…?”
Hearing the red-haired girl’s words, it was Asuna’s turn to gape.
Really, he was still like that even in this world. Speechless and
elated, Asuna felt tears on her cheeks once more.
She blinked rapidly and nodded – Right. Then, the girl with teacolored hair asked:
“Uh… Um, this outside world… What’s… it like?”
Asuna thought for a moment, then replied:
“It’s a long story. I’d like to tell it to the person in charge of
everything here. Could you please take me to them?”
“O-Okay. Understood.”

218

Sword Art Online Volume 16 – Alicization Exploding
Chapter 19 – The Radiant Medium

The girls agreed nervously. Asuna prepared to follow them to the
back of the large caravan, then stopped to look back at Kirito
again.
On his bowed face, dried tear tracks were still visible.
— It’s all right now, it’s all right now, Kirito-kun. You can leave the
rest to me…
Asuna said softly in her heart, tightly gripping his left hand. Then
she turned, slipped past a crate, and jumped off the back of the
wagon.
Just as her white shoes touched the ground —
Golden light appeared before her.
The glint of a sword blade.
Before she could react, her body moved on instinct. Her right hand
lunged for the rapier at her left waist.
Kyariin!
The sound of metal against metal shattered the dark silence of the
woods.
While she had managed to deflect the strike, the unexpectedly
powerful impact had numbed her entire right arm. What a heavy
sword.
Scattered sparks from the collision whitened across her vision.
She could barely discern the path of a second instantaneous
attack.
Unblockable with a single strike.
Immediately making that judgment, Asuna charged at her
opponent and launched a succession of rapid stabs.
Her third jab finally to parry the incoming strike. Switching to the
offense, Asuna finally caught a glimpse of the attacker’s features.
She gasped in shock.
219

Sword Art Online Volume 16 – Alicization Exploding
Chapter 19 – The Radiant Medium

An astonishingly beautiful knight with snow-white skin, roughly
the same age as she was, was glaring at Asuna. Her sapphire eyes
emanated an animosity that seemed to crackle like electricity.
Her golden hair, seemingly fashioned from the element itself,
billowed in the air. Her hefty armor and smooth longsword both
gleamed a flaxen yellow.
From a distance, the girls looked on, eyes wide. Finally, they
managed weak cries.
“Knight-sama, please stop!!”
“She is not an enemy, Alice-sama…!!”
— «Alice»!
Hearing this name, Asuna was stunned again.
This elegant swordswoman before her, wielding a weapon the
weight of a boulder — was the world’s first true Bottom-Up AI, the
highly adaptive artificial intelligence, ALICE? She was the goal of
Project Alicization, and what RATH and the invaders both thirsted
for — the center of everything.
But why was Alice attacking her?
Trying her best to block the golden blade, just as Asuna was
thinking of what to say, a voice akin to the music of a famous
violinist flared from Alice’s cherry-colored lips.
“Who are you?! What do you want with Kirito?!”
As soon as she heard those words.
Asuna tossed everything aside, feeling a certain emotion well up
inside her. Specifically, it was a sudden fury.
Her reflexive retort only added fuel to the fire.
“Why…? Because he’s mine!!”
Gritting her pearly-white teeth, Alice yelled:
“What did you say?! You barbarian!!”
220

Sword Art Online Volume 16 – Alicization Exploding
Chapter 19 – The Radiant Medium

The two swords separated with a shower of sparks in all
directions.
The golden-haired swordswoman, deftly leapt away, then
immediately lunged forward with a vicious upper slash. But this
time, Asuna stood her ground, and her right hand launched a
familiar combo attack.
Within the nighttime forest, a gigantic crescent moon collided
with streaks of comets, emitting a blinding flash.
The impact blew through Asuna’s elbow straight to her shoulder,
knocking the wind and tongue out of her mouth. She was only able
to match her opponent because of her super account Stacia’s
rapier «Radiant Light», a «GM item» that possessed a higher
priority than that of Alice’s golden longsword.
Their weapons met again, but a miniscule gap formed between
them.
A deep masculine voice broke the silence.
“Ah, the scenery here is excellent. Two blossoming flowers. Ah,
what a sight. What a sight.”
A pair of strong arms appeared from where previously there was
nothing, their fingers gently gripping the middle of Alice and
Asuna’s swords.
“?!”
As if it were sandwiched between a vise, the sword was
immovable. The arms effortlessly lifted both swords along with
the speechless Asuna and Alice, gently separated the two fighting
swordswomen, then placed them back on the ground.
Standing there was a huge man who looked more than forty years
old.
On top of what looked like a kimono, he wore defensive gear of the
lowest grade.

221

Sword Art Online Volume 16 – Alicization Exploding
Chapter 19 – The Radiant Medium

Whether it was the iron-colored longsword hanging from his
waist or the arms extending from his sleeves, both were carved
with a myriad of scars. He perfectly fitted the description of a
hero.
As soon as the man appeared, Alice puffed up her cheeks and
began to protest as though she was suddenly younger:
“Why stop me, Oji-san! This person could very well be a spy for
the enemy…”
“I don’t think so. This young lady helped me escape from the jaws
of death. I believe the same happened for you all?”
The latter question was directed towards the wide-eyed girls in
gray uniforms who stood to the side.
Both of them nodded furiously, and spoke in thin voices.
“Y… Yes, Honorable Knight Commander. That woman saved us.”
“She just, with a wave of her hand, sent the enemy soldiers into
the abyss… It was, simply a miracle.”
The man who had been addressed as the Knight Commander
glanced at the large crevice that Asuna had created, then put his
hand on Alice’s shoulder and explained:
“I saw it too. Multicolored light came down from the sky, and the
ground split into a hundred mel crack. Even the Fist Fighters’
Guild couldn’t get away, and they panicked. Fact is, this young lady
saved us just as our army was on the verge of defeat. This isn’t the
time to fight.”
“……”
Golden longsword in hand, Alice continued staring suspiciously at
Asuna.
“Then… what Oji-san wants to say is, this person is neither a spy
for the enemy, nor impersonating a divine figure, and she’s the
real Goddess Stacia?”
222

Sword Art Online Volume 16 – Alicization Exploding
Chapter 19 – The Radiant Medium

Asuna bit her lip in silence. If this Knight Commander, the man
seemingly at the top, were to regard her as a god, things would
become very messy.
Fortunately for her, the man’s chiseled mouth slackened a bit, and
he replied.
“Probably not. If she really were a Goddess, she would be an
existence far colder and crueler than the even the Highest
Minister. Like, mercilessly ending the lives of those murderous
wild men and all?”
Alice had no retort to that. Her hostility unchanged, she flashed a
flaming glare at Asuna and placed her sword back in its scabbard
with a shakin!
Asuna also had many questions. What was that for? What are you
to Kirito-kun? But with a deep breath she could finally take, she
suppressed her anger.
Asuna’s mission was to bring Alice to the «World End Altar» at the
southernmost part of the Underworld, and eject her Light Cube
from the Light Cube Cluster.
In other words, she had to convince this girl, who did not mix well
with her at all, to leave the Human Empire Army. This definitely
was not the time to fight.
Sheathing her weapon, Asuna spoke to the Knight Commander:
“Yes… You’re right. I’m not a goddess; I’m a human like you all.
However, I do have some knowledge of your situation. That’s
because I am a human who has come from outside this world.
“Outside, huh…”
The Knight Commander stroked his chin stubble, then smiled
crudely.
In contrast, Alice’s eyes went huge and she demanded shrilly:
“From outside…?! Then, are you from where Kirito came from?”
223

Sword Art Online Volume 16 – Alicization Exploding
Chapter 19 – The Radiant Medium

Asuna was astonished. It appeared that Kirito had already
explained some things about the Underworld to Alice as well.
Taking the Fluctlight Acceleration Rate into consideration, Kirito
had now remained in this world for three years. Asuna could not
help but wonder that how much time he had spent together with
Alice in this world.
It seemed as though Alice was thinking the same thing. Before she
could ask more questions, the Knight Commander stopped her
with a wave of his hand.
“What comes next is probably for the rest of the Knights and
Guards to hear. We’ll talk about this over tea. Besides, the enemy
aren’t going to make any more moves tonight.”
“… I see.”
Alice nodded, her face stern.
“All right, it’s settled… Could you young ladies over there help us
prepare some tea, and get me some liquor as well? You ladies
should hear this too.”
On receiving the Knight Commander’s instructions, the young
uniformed trainees replied and saluted respectfully.
Asuna wanted to see Kirito once again before she left this place,
but before she could move, Alice’s piercing voice entered her ears.
“Let me be clear: from now on, no one is to enter that wagon
without my permission. Ensuring Kirito’s safety is my
responsibility alone.”
This is the worst.
Asuna calmed her bubbling emotions.
“… Same to you, stop calling my Kirito-kun directly by his name…”
“What did you say?!”
“… No, nothing.”
224

Sword Art Online Volume 16 – Alicization Exploding
Chapter 19 – The Radiant Medium

Hmph, Alice and Asuna spun away from each other, and followed
the Knight Commander’s retreating shadow.
The two girls left behind — Tiese and Ronye exhaled
simultaneously.
“Looks like… things are going to be rough from now on.”
Tiese suddenly raised her hands and said to her friend:
“Come on, we’ve got water to boil! Right, which wagon was the
liquor in? … Come on, Ronye!”
Before she chased after the red-haired girl, Ronye murmured
something that no one else heard.
“… He should be, my senpai, too…”

225

Sword Art Online Volume 16 – Alicization Exploding
Chapter 19 – The Radiant Medium

5
Asuna held the teacup with one hand, while gazing at the crackling
bonfire.
What realistic flames.
They were not even in the same dimension as the special effects
flames depicted with the rendering engines in SAO and ALO. Every
spark that danced up when dry wood cracked, the thick, charred
smell floating in the air, and even the warmth she felt on her face
and hands, all stimulated Asuna’s senses more realistically than
reality itself.
Not just the fire. The rigidity of the folding chair’s seat, the smooth
feel of the wooden cup, and the rich, soothing aroma of the tea;
along with the trees around them, their leaves rustling crisply in
the night wind.
Since entering the Underworld, having to deal with endless drama,
Asuna had been unable to fully experience this world. As she
revived her senses, she was truly impressed by the STL’s
«Mnemonic Visual».
It seemed that Kirito, who had been logged in without knowing
that this was a virtual world, must have become well-experienced
before realizing the circumstances. After all — there was not a
single NPC in this world.
Asuna turned away from the bonfire and gazed towards the
people gathered in the round forest clearing. Quick introductions
had already been exchanged.
Sitting to her left and hogging what looked like a bottle of vintage
liquor was Integrity Knight Commander Bercouli. Beside him was
Integrity Knight Alice, dressed fully in golden armor. Against the
fire’s orange glow, her golden locks deepened in color; Asuna
could not help but acknowledge her stunning beauty.

226

Sword Art Online Volume 16 – Alicization Exploding
Chapter 19 – The Radiant Medium

To Alice’s left sat a shiftless youth of about fifteen or sixteen years
old, who seemed to be an Integrity Knight of the highest «Class».
His name was Renri.
Further down, a slender female Knight sat as quietly as a shadow.
Her shining new armor seemed not to fit her at all: from time to
time, she either pulled on the straps, or loosened them, looking
just like a beginner in a VRMMO. But when she was introduced as
Sheyta, in the split second that Asuna met her long, narrow eyes, a
certain indescribable boldness seemed to lay within.
To Sheyta’s left, across the bonfire from Asuna, around ten people,
addressed as Guard Leaders, sat side by side in a row of chairs.
Among the tough, hardened faces, there was one female.
To Asuna’s right, the young uniformed girls from before were
curled up together, sitting as quietly and as far away as possible.
The red-haired girl named Tiese and the tea-color haired girl,
Ronye, appeared to be younger students from the academy that
Kirito had enrolled in half a year ago.
After sizing up each of the ten-plus swordsmen, Asuna was
touched.
Without doubt, they were real humans.
Their appearance, actions, and even their breaths was absolutely
devoid of artificiality. Furthermore, the fact that only one artificial
Fluctlight, Alice, had managed to break through their «inability to
defy law and order», was quite unbelievable.
She now completely understood Kirito’s wish to protect each and
everyone of them.
I will inherit that will.
Asuna steeled her determination, then took a deep breath, and
spoke:
“Greetings, everyone. I believe this is the first time we’ve met. My
name is Asuna. I’m from the outside world.”
227

Sword Art Online Volume 16 – Alicization Exploding
Chapter 19 – The Radiant Medium

While it had only been eight days since her departure, Alice was
beginning to miss the short, idyllic time she had spent living
reclusively with Kirito in the border village of Rulid, when she
would often push Kirito in his wheelchair on their way to the
nearby farm.
Surrounded by a white wood fence, woolly sheep would graze
nonchalantly on the green grass, and among them, the pure-white
lambs would race around, full of energy.
Alice could not help but marvel at their blessed lives. Not having
to worry about the world outside that fence, peacefully living in
captivity, protected by humans.
She never expected that —
The people of this world were leading lives exactly like those
sheep.
That otherworldly girl Asuna’s words had dealt an earthshattering shock to all of the Knights and Guard Leaders. Even
Knight Commander Bercouli, while maintaining his usual relaxed
expression, must have been thoroughly shaken inside.
Asuna had called the world where the Human Empire and Dark
Territory existed together using a word in the Sacred Tongue:
“Underworld”. And outside — not geographically, but
conceptually — was a strange realm termed the “Real World”.
Of course, the Guard Leaders successively raised various
questions about that world, which seemed no different from the
land of the gods.
The visitor replied. The people living in the Real World, like them,
were human beings with emotions, desires, and limited Life.
And right now, at a highly specific location in the Real World, two
powers were jostling for control of the Underworld.
Asuna seemed to be a messenger for one of them. Her goal was to
protect the Underworld.
228

Sword Art Online Volume 16 – Alicization Exploding
Chapter 19 – The Radiant Medium

The other side’s goal was — to retrieve one single human from the
Underworld. After that, they would undertake the destruction of
the entire world, rendering everything they knew into absolute
nothingness.
Hearing those words, the Guard Leaders began making a reckless
racket.
What quelled this disturbance was Bercouli’s thunderous bellow.
Isn’t it the same? The three-hundred year old hero pointed out.
Beyond the Human Empire lies the endless Dark Territory, with an
army of tens of thousands just waiting for a chance to invade. Until
today, there has not been a single one who has sat down and
carefully thought about this reality. It’s just an extra world outside
of ours, what are you afraid of?
After this violent reasoning was conveyed through a steady and
reliable voice, everyone accepted its view. Bercouli turned to
Asuna and asked: Who is the person that your enemies are looking
for?
The outsider’s light brown eyes swiveled from Bercouli to Alice.
“… M… me?”
Not just Renri; Tiese, Ronye and even Sheyta revealed expressions
of shock. Only Bercouli nodded as though he was expecting such
an answer.
“As I expected… the «Radiant Medium»…”
Asuna did not understand what that meant. She blinked at the
Knight Commander, then turned back to answer.
“We don’t have much time. To prevent the Underworld from being
destroyed, Alice has to come to the Real World with me. If Alice is
no longer here, the enemy will stop interfering with this world…”
“W… What kind of joke is that?!”

229

Sword Art Online Volume 16 – Alicization Exploding
Chapter 19 – The Radiant Medium

Alice yelled, unable to restrain herself any further. She leapt from
her chair, slapped her chestplate with her right hand, and
proclaimed, with increasing intensity:
“Asking me to flee?! To abandon this world, and abandon
everyone here, and my comrades in the Defense Army… to flee to
the Real World?! Impossible! I am an Integrity Knight! My greatest
and only mission is to protect the Human Empire!!”
Now Asuna leapt to her feet. Tossing her chestnut hair that was
reminiscent of silver oak acorns, she retorted with a voice like a
silver bell:
“All the more reason! If the enemy… is not from the Dark
Territory, but a thief from the Real World, and if they were to get
hold of you and drag you out of this world, everyone here… not
just them, even the earth, the sky, everything will be destroyed!
We don’t even know when the enemy will attack!”
“Hold on, about that, you’re a bit late about that, Asuna-san.”
The Knight Commander spoke calmly:
“The enemy you speak of are already here.”
“Uh…”
To Asuna, who was suddenly struck dumb, the Knight Commander
took a slow sip of liquor and continued:
“Seems like everything’s been revealed. The «Radiant Medium».
«Dark God Vector», who’s chasing her. The god Vector who’s
directing his troops right now must be someone from the Real
World like you.”
“Dark… God.”
Asuna whispered, her face pale. She continued with some
incomprehensible words:
“I really didn’t think of that… the Dark Territory super account
actually wasn’t locked with a password or anything…”
230

Sword Art Online Volume 16 – Alicization Exploding
Chapter 19 – The Radiant Medium

“Ex… Excuse me.”
Breaking the brief silence, young Knight Renri timidly raised his
hand.
Seeing that everyone turned to look at him, the boy asked softly,
his face reddening:
“About that, what exactly is a Radiant Medium? And, the thieves
from the Real… World? Why do they want Alice-dono?”
The one who answered his question was someone whom
everyone thought would remain as «The Silent» during this
meeting, the gray Knight Sheyta.
“Because she broke the Seal of the Right Eye.”
Alice jumped at that, momentarily forgetting her indignation. Her
hand unconsciously moved to her right eye, and she asked:
“You… You know about that, Sheyta-dono?! How?!”
“It still hurts… whenever I think about it. At that time, to cut
down… the strongest thing in the world… the invincible Axiom
Church… it must have felt good.”
“…”
The Knights and Guard Leaders fell into a thin silence. Bercouli
coughed and pretended not to hear that.
“Ah, I believe there are others here with similar experiences. If the
slightest sliver of dissatisfaction or resistance was held against the
Highest Minister’s power or the Axiom Church’s authoritative
body, one’s right eyeball would begin to flash with red light,
coupled with a stabbing pain. Typically, whatever thoughts one
had would be forgotten due to the excruciating discomfort. But if
one continued these unstable thoughts, the pain would intensify
without end, and their right vision would be dyed completely red
— and eventually…”
“Their entire right eye would explode.”
231

Sword Art Online Volume 16 – Alicization Exploding
Chapter 19 – The Radiant Medium

Alice whispered, her memories of that detestable moment still
fresh.
“Then… Alice-dono…”
To Renri’s horrified voice, Alice nodded slowly and continued, her
voice soft.
“I battled Senate Elder Chudelkin, and the Highest Minister
Administrator. To summon that determination, I temporarily lost
my right eye.”
“Erm… May I ask…”
A voice even smaller than Renri’s requested an opportunity to
pitch in, belonging to the girl Ronye of the Supply Team, who had
been listening wide-eyed until now.
“Eugeo-senpai too, to protect me… when he swung his sword for
Tiese and me, and committed the crimes, from his right eye…
Blood…”
That should be it as well. Alice nodded. Fighting countless battles
as a civilian, defeating even the Knight Commander, and
displaying perfect Incarnation against Administrator. That young
man was definitely able to surpass the mere Seal of the Right Eye.
That’s right, during the battle on the topmost floor of the
Cathedral, Administrator seemed to say something about the Seal
of the Right Eye to Alice. Was it, Code eight seven…?
Without waiting for Alice to recall Administrator’s words, Bercouli
spoke while rubbing his chin.
“Hm… In other words, those ‘enemies’ are looking for those who
broke the Seal on their own. Asuna-san, do you people of the Real
World have the same Seal as well?”
“… No.”
After hesitating for a moment, the chestnut hair swung from side
to side.
232

Sword Art Online Volume 16 – Alicization Exploding
Chapter 19 – The Radiant Medium

“I don’t have any such experience. Maybe the only difference
between Real World people and Underworld people is whether
they can break laws or commands.”
“That means, Lil’ Miss Alice is now an existence exactly the same
as you guys? But don’t you think that’s weird? If you’re the same,
why do they have such a request? Aren’t there plenty of people in
the Real World?”
“That’s…”
Hesitating more than she had before, Asuna fell silent.
But just as she dislodged her frozen memories, Alice’s shout
interrupted Asuna’s words.
“That’s it! Code 871!”
Wringing her hands, she said frantically:
“The Highest Minister called the Seal of the Right Eye as Code 871.
She said it was added by «that person»! I don’t know exactly what
that means, though…It’s not Sacred Tongue, so it’s the language of
the Real World?!”
“Code… 87… 1…?”
Asuna repeated, dumbfounded. Her brows creased in surprise.
“… Did… someone from RATH add the Seal…? But wouldn’t that…
just interfere with their purpose…?”
She sat back down, thought for a moment, then —
She suddenly looked petrified. Her pale pink lips trembling, she
squeezed out a hoarse whisper.
But Alice did not understand what she said.
“… Damn it!… There’s a mole in RATH…! On the other side of this
wall…!”

233

Sword Art Online Volume 16 – Alicization Exploding
Chapter 19 – The Radiant Medium

Asuna was deeply shaken.
Blind obedience of a higher power. In order to remove the only
flaw in the jewel of the artificial Fluctlight, Higa Takeru and the
RATH technicians had put in immense effort.
This was because the current artificial Fluctlights were unable to
evaluate the morality or utility of commands they were given. If
they were loaded as AI onto war machines, even if their command
system was hacked and they were ordered to attack the troops
they belonged to or engage in indiscriminate murder of civilians,
they would not be able to evaluate their commands, instead
choosing to execute them directly. They were different from the
regulations within Western armies, who possessed the ability to
defy orders.
Therefore, to engineer artificial intelligence that was able to break
through this limitation, RATH undertook simulated experiments
in the Underworld that spanned hundreds of years.
However, if the Seal of the Right Eye or «Code 871» was an
apparatus to prevent the experiment from exceeding, if it had
been inserted by someone unknown within RATH.
This attempt at disruption probably originated from a directive
issued by the attackers on the Ocean Turtle.
And now this mole was still able to move freely in the upper shaft
on the Ocean Turtle. If he wanted to, he could even slip past the
other technicians and enter STL Room 2, where Kirito and Asuna
lay completely defenseless.
Brushing away the chill than ran down her spine, Asuna continued
to think:
Her only option was to run her current «Creation Goddess
Stacia»’s HP to zero — to death, in other words. But if that
happened, she would not be able to log back in with this super
account. With the system administration authority commands
currently locked, they were unable to reset account data.
234

Sword Art Online Volume 16 – Alicization Exploding
Chapter 19 – The Radiant Medium

Since the attackers were using Dark God Vector, an account of the
same level, he was undefeatable with a civilian account. To protect
Alice, and then log out safely, she needed this account no matter
what.
— What to do? What should I do first?
After racking her brains for a split second, Asuna inhaled deeply,
and decided.
She would prioritize the Underworld. This world ran at a speed
one thousand times that of the Real World. Before the smallest
movement happened in the Real World, they should still have
some time.
In this time, she had to come up with a plan to protect Alice from
the enemy-led Dark Territory army, and extract her to the Real
World. If she failed at that, and Alice fell into enemy hands, those
people would destroy all of the other Light Cubes without
hesitation to solidify their status as the holders of the single true
AI. They would destroy the Underworld, which Kirito had put his
life on the line for.
***
From the reports they were receiving, it seemed that Yuuki
Asuna’s judgment had been completely correct.
But neither her, nor Higa Takeru and Kikuoka Seijirou on the
Ocean Turtle, had realized an important truth.
Ever since Gabriel Miller and Vassago Casals had logged in, the
FLA rate had been slowly decreasing. This operation was being
performed by Critter, the technician of the attacking team, but the
one who gave the order was Gabriel.
In about twenty hours, armed JSDF personnel from the Aegis
destroyer «Nagato» would storm the floating structure. In that
sort of situation, it was understandably inconceivable to RATH
that the attacking team would lower the Acceleration Rate and
throttle their own necks.
235

Sword Art Online Volume 16 – Alicization Exploding
Chapter 19 – The Radiant Medium

Of course, the reason behind their lowering of the Acceleration
Rate was beyond anyone’s imagination.
But —
In this instant, only one person had seen through Gabriel’s motive.
Concealed in Yuuki Asuna’s portable terminal, «she», the world’s
most advanced «Top-Down» artificial intelligence, stealthily
planned as she flew through the internet.
***
“What’s… wrong?”
Alice had stopped using honorifics some time ago. Hearing her
words, Asuna suddenly raised her head and shook it.
“No… It’s nothing. Sorry to interrupt.”
“You didn’t interrupt, we’re still waiting for your reply.”
Alice said testily.
“So, do you have any clues about the name «Code 871»?
“Yes. I was just about to explain.”
Alice retorted coolly. Even Asuna herself was perplexed at this.
Asuna could not remember ever arguing with anyone. She was on
good terms with her friends — Lisbeth, Silica, Leafa, Sinon, and
even with her classmates in school.
Speaking of which, when was the last time she had contended
with some like this? She thought for a moment and nearly burst
out laughing. Without a doubt, that person would be Kirito.
Ever since they had met on the first floor of Aincrad and somehow
struck up an interdependent relationship to begin clearing that
death game, Asuna had stared at and shouted in Kirito’s face
numerous times, occasionally even getting physical.
Maybe, there would come a time when she could get along with
this girl named Alice.
236

Sword Art Online Volume 16 – Alicization Exploding
Chapter 19 – The Radiant Medium

— No, that’s not very likely.
As Asuna thought, she opened her mouth:
“… Then, the person who set up what Lil’ Miss Alice called «Code
871», or the Seal of the Right Eye, was someone from the Real
World… in cahoots with the enemy.”
“Hmm… Well, besides destroying one’s right eye, is there another
way to remove this so-called Code?”
At Bercouli’s inquiry, the otherworldly girl shook her head
apologetically.
“I’m sorry, I don’t know either… I don’t think that it’s something
that can be removed from within the Underworld, I’m afraid.”
Listening to Asuna’s clear voice, Alice felt uneasy.
Of course, her first impression of her was terrible. Asuna suddenly
getting that close to Kirito without explanation left her deeply
vexed. After all, she was the one who had protected and cared for
Kirito and his injuries.
Then again, this girl named Asuna, like Kirito, was from the Real
World. Judging by her words and actions, she must have had some
relationship with him there. Then, since she chased him to
another world, she at least had some say in the matter.
Was this the reason to her anxiety? She had thought that she was
the only one in this world most obligated and responsible for
Kirito, yet now there suddenly comes someone to challenge that?
Or was it her competitive spirit towards Asuna’s frightening
swordsmanship?
That was Alice’s first time witnessing a strike with such ludicrous
speed. It was a speed that not even Vice Knight Commander
Fanatio could match. It wasn’t merely a continuous strike; it felt
more like multiple stabs coming at exactly the same time. If their
swords had been knocked slightly off course upon hitting each
other, her opponent would likely have recovered faster.
237

Sword Art Online Volume 16 – Alicization Exploding
Chapter 19 – The Radiant Medium

Or was it —
Because Asuna was so extraordinarily beautiful that just looking
at her made you sigh?
An exotic face without even the slightest tinge of austerity, as
though it were the embodiment of the word “exquisite” itself. The
bonfire brightly illuminated her white skin and her soft, billowing
chestnut hair, which looked to be top-quality strands of silk
braided together. The Guard Leaders’ eyes all revealed intoxicated
gazes of admiration. If Asuna had called herself Goddess Stacia,
they would have believed her without question.
She wanted to know.
Not about the Real World or about the enemy, but about this
Asuna person. The relationship between her and Kirito.
Catching herself floating within her own thoughts, Alice regained
her senses, struggling to concentrate and catch up with the
conversation. Asuna continued to the Knight Commander:
“… The «enemy» are afraid of those who have broken the Seal in
the Underworld… in other words, if their proverbial «Radiant
Medium» shows up and is taken away by some external force.
Because the Radiant Medium in the Real World is actually an
extremely precious existence.”
“That’s what I don’t understand.”
Knight Commander Bercouli muttered, twirling his bottle of
liquor.
“Your «Radiant Medium», or Lil’ Miss Alice, should be an existence
equal to that of a Real World person, shouldn’t she? I just asked,
why are they you all so stubborn about this? Whether it’s the
enemy, or Asuna-san, what exactly do you want Lil’ Miss Alice to
do once you take her away?”
“Um…”
Asuna bit her lip.
238

Sword Art Online Volume 16 – Alicization Exploding
Chapter 19 – The Radiant Medium

Her long eyelashes drooped as she showed a pained expression.
“… I’m sorry, but I can’t tell you yet. Because, I… hope that Alicesan can come to see and judge the Real World with her own eyes.
It’s not the kingdom of the Gods, nor is it a fantastical utopia. In
fact, it’s far uglier and dirtier than this world. I believe the same
about the motives of the people after Alice-san. That is to say, I
believe she would not forgive the Real World and the people living
there. But… It’s not just that. There are many people who wish to
protect this world. Just… Just like Kirito-kun.”
Alice silently listened to the other girl’s long, difficult speech.
Yet she found herself surprised, nodding slowly.
“… Okay. I won’t ask any more questions for now.”
She slowly parted her hands, and shrugged.
“No matter what, I’m not going to do what I don’t want to do.
Besides, I haven’t decided to go yet. Although I do wish to see the
outside world, that’s still a matter we can discuss after we… defeat
Dark God Vector and his invading army, and establish peace.”
Alice thought that Asuna would rebuke fiercely again, but she only
hesitated for a moment and spoke slowly:
“… Yeah. Since that Dark Territory army is being controlled by a
Real World person, it would be quite dangerous for Alice-san and I
to leave on our own. The enemy should have thought of that as
well. I’ll… fight alongside everyone. Please leave the fight with
Vector to me.”
Cheers were heard from the Guard Leaders. To them, no matter
what she herself claimed, Asuna was no different from Goddess
Stacia. At least, if she had that earth-shattering super attack, it
wouldn’t matter if the enemy had twenty thousand or two
hundred thousand troops.
The Knight Commander seemed to be considering the same thing.
He crossed his arms and asked:
239

Sword Art Online Volume 16 – Alicization Exploding
Chapter 19 – The Radiant Medium

“All right, we’ll put aside the matter of the Real World for now.
Back to the problem at hand… That skill you used just now, Asunasan, can it be used infinitely?”
“… I’m sorry, but this will disappoint you.”
Asuna shrugged her shoulders and slowly shook her head.
“That sort of power places great mental strain on its user. I would
be able to withstand it if it were merely discomfort, but if I use it
without restraint, I may be forcibly ejected to the world to
preserve my mental health. If that happens, I can never come back.
Unfortunately, I can only perform large-scale geographical
commands once or twice more.”
Let down by their excessive anticipation, the faces around the
bonfire looked disappointed. Noticing this, Alice sprang to her feet
again.
“How can we only rely on an outsider’s power to protect our
world?! She has already given us enough aid. Now, it’s our turn to
show the outsider what we, the Knights and Guards, are capable
of!”
After this fierce call to action, Alice felt Asuna’s surprised gaze on
her and avoided her eyes embarrassedly.
The first to agree was Renri, the youngest Knight present.
“Y… Yeah! Didn’t you hear that, she’s not a god, she’s a human like
us! Then we can fight as well!”
With words that seemed to resonate from the two Divine
Instruments at his waist, the young Knight looked towards the
red-haired girl a distance away from Asuna. Alice chuckled
inwardly.
“I wish to… battle that person again, too.”
«The Silent» Sheyta murmured, throwing her hat into the ring.
The Guard Leaders soon assented one by one, exchanging glances
with one another.
240

Sword Art Online Volume 16 – Alicization Exploding
Chapter 19 – The Radiant Medium

That’s right, we’ll all work together and protect what we love –
came the yells and shouts from the Guards who were gathered on
the grass around them. As if it were swept up in the wills of the
crowd, the fire also began to crackle more vividly, smoke flying
towards the night sky.
***
Was this — really okay?
In her assigned tent, Asuna began to think as she removed her
pearly-white armor.
According to Higa and Kikuoka’s intentions in the Real World,
Asuna was supposed to quickly bring Alice to a system console
and extract her to the safety of the sub control room.
But what then? According to Kikuoka, as long as they procured
Alice’s Fluctlight and analyzed its structure, they could load it into
an unmanned weapon as the basis for its AI. The remaining ten
thousand artificial Fluctlights would then lose all purpose. It
would also do them no good to waste an immense amount of
power and space to keep them running.
Even they only rescued Alice and destroyed the rest of the
Underworld, what would Kirito think after he wakes up? No,
would he even be able to wake up in the first place…?
No, she could not falter like that again. She had come all this way
to meet him, so she must try her utter best to connect with him,
speak with him, and search for the key to his recovery. Higa had
said that they could only hope for a miracle from within the
Underworld to heal Kirito.
Right now, she wanted to be in the supply tent where he was, to
hold him, and talk to him. During this period of diving in, she
wanted to always be by his side. She never wanted to abandon
him and travel to the system console in the faraway south.
— At least, just for tonight…

241

Sword Art Online Volume 16 – Alicization Exploding
Chapter 19 – The Radiant Medium

Making her decision, Asuna removed all of her armor, changed
into a female habit and tunic, then moved to the entrance of the
tent to listen.
Despite her protests, the Knight Commander had assigned a Guard
to her as security. The young man, nervous with his task as
Goddess Stacia’s bodyguard, was restlessly pacing around the
tent’s surroundings.
When the footsteps passed over the grass directly across her and
neared the middle of the back, Asuna hastily left the tent. In three
silent and huge steps, she concealed herself within the shadow of
a giant tree ten meters away.
Stealing a glance behind her, she saw that the guard seemed not to
have noticed anything, continuing his rounds. After silently
apologizing to him, Asuna walked into the depths of the forest.
The Human Empire Army, tired after their large-scale battle, had
all retired early, with the exception of a few sentries. The sentries
were focusing on the outskirts of the forest, so Asuna was able to
sneak into the supply tent area undetected.
Close your eyes and focus.
She did not know whether it was the power of her super account
or pure intuition, but she could immediately feel the location of
her lover.
Taking a few steps in that direction, Asuna suddenly noticed in the
corner of her eye a flash of golden light.
Damn — She timidly turned to look.
A silhouette stood with its back against the tent, arms crossed.
Like Asuna, it wore a simple gown with a yarn scarf. Flowing
golden hair that waved in the night wind. Deep blue eyes that
projected a frightening glare.
“… I knew you would come.”
Alice snorted softly, shaking her golden ponytail.
242

Sword Art Online Volume 16 – Alicization Exploding
Chapter 19 – The Radiant Medium

Staring directly at her opponent of the same height, same body,
and same age, Alice was just about to speak her prepared words.
— Didn’t I say that you are not allowed near here? Just go quietly
back to your own tent.
But the breath she had inhaled felt difficult to vocalize. Because
within the eyes of the outsider Asuna, she saw an emotion that
could not be clearer.
Yearning. Pain because of that yearning, and determination
because of that yearning.
Fuu — sighing deeply, Alice asked herself.
— This is not me yielding. I am the one with the highest
responsibility to make sure Kirito awakes. This reality will not
change. Because Kirito has fought with me, hurt with me, and fallen
out of exhaustion before me.
So this is — a part of what I have to do to make sure Kirito comes
back.
“… Let’s make a deal.”
Hearing Alice’s short remark, Asuna blinked in confusion.
“I’ll let you see Kirito. I’ll also tell you what I know. In exchange,
you tell me everything you know about Kirito.”
After less than a second of confusion, Asuna smiled confidently.
“All right. But it’s a long story. One night may not be enough to tell
it.”
How uncomfortable. Pouting again, Alice demanded:
“How long have you been with him?”
So, Asuna’s light brown eyes stared up at the night sky, then she
curled the fingers on her hands and replied:
“Well… we were battle partners for two years. Then we dated for a
year and a half. We even spent two weeks living together.”
243

Sword Art Online Volume 16 – Alicization Exploding
Chapter 19 – The Radiant Medium

— “Dated” meant a romantic relationship, right? No, maybe… But
I’ve lived with him for longer…
Alice wavered slightly, then threw out her chest and retaliated:
“I’ve spent an entire night fighting by his side. Then I took care of
him in the same roof, staying by his side for half a year.”
It was Asuna’s turn to be shocked, but she quickly recovered. Is
that so — she murmured.
The two glowered at each other, as though fully clad in armor,
ready to draw swords and duel. The night air crackled, and dry
leaves unlucky enough to land between them exploded: pishi,
pishi.
The one who bravely entered the battle between an Integrity
Knight and the Creation Goddess was — the thin voice of a young
girl.
“Um…”
Shocked, Alice whirled in that direction. Asuna followed suit.
The voice had come from a young trainee from the supply team
with a soft cap on her tea-colored hair and a gray nightgown —
Ronye. She shyly clasped her hands together in front of her chest,
and spoke again.
“Actually, I, I spent two months cleaning Kirito-senpai’s room, and
he taught me sword skills as well, and even treated us to the
Jumping Deer Inn’s honey pies several times! It does seem like
very little compared to you two, but… I also want to share…”
Alice blinked a few times before exchanging glances with Asuna
again. Both of their mouths smiled wryly at the same time, as
though sighing together.
“Sure, Ronye-san. You were a companion, after all.”
Alice shrugged and nodded towards the petite girl. She could not
help but praise the trainee exhaling and smiling in relief: what
commendable bravery.
244

Sword Art Online Volume 16 – Alicization Exploding
Chapter 19 – The Radiant Medium

But — she was not the only challenger.
“May I partake in the information exchange?”
A seemingly masculine tone, yet a distinctively clear female voice.
A rather tall woman had appeared under the moonlight without a
sound. Gazing at her graceful features, Asuna let out a weak voice.
“… You’re the…”
Without a doubt. she was the female guard corps leader from the
meeting a while ago.
The woman, whose brown hair was tied in a long ponytail,
nodded.
“I am Sortiliena Serlut of the Norlangarth North Empire Knight
Order. Although I wanted to wait until after the battle had ended…
or so I thought, but due to my long association with Kirito, I
couldn’t help but join in.”
Alice sighed again, raised her shoulders, and spoke to the tall
Guard Leader:
“… And what sort of association is that, Guard Leader Serlut?”
“… If you don’t mind, please call me «Liena», Knight-dono.”
Sortiliena coughed softly before playing her trump card:
“When I was at the Norlangarth Empire Sword Mastery
Academy,Kirito served as my valet for a year. I also passed some
sword skills to him.”
“………”
The other three sank into silence at this revelation.

245

Sword Art Online Volume 16 – Alicization Exploding
Chapter 19 – The Radiant Medium

246

Sword Art Online Volume 16 – Alicization Exploding
Chapter 19 – The Radiant Medium

Asuna and Alice met eyes, simultaneously displayed expressions
of “Really, now”, and nodded.
“Then you must have quite a bit of information too, Liena-san.
Please come in with us.”
With an odd atmosphere, the four of them began silently moving,
and Alice led them into a small tent. Simple bedding lay on top of
two leather pads next to each other. One of them was empty, while
a black-haired youth with his eyes closed lay on the other. Poking
out of woolen blanket, two longsword hilts were slightly visible.
Seeing this, Asuna’s lips trembled with a deep longing. Alice did
not discern it.
“… What’s the matter?”
At Alice’s question, the otherworldly swordswoman momentarily
forgot the animosity between them, and answered with a smile:
“Kirito of the «Dual Blades». That’s what they call Kirito-kun over
there.”
“… Hoh…”
Now that she mentioned it, when Kirito fought that decisive battle
against Administrator, he was indeed freely wielding his own
black sword and Eugeo’s white sword. That definitely did not look
easy.
Alice moved to sit down opposite the sleeping Kirito. She
beckoned the other three to sit as well, saying:
“Then let’s start from there.”
The dark night over the black wilderness became colder and
colder, with only the violet moon shining silently over the land.

247

Sword Art Online Volume 16 – Alicization Exploding
Chapter 19 – The Radiant Medium

Whether it was the Guards of the Human Empire Defense Army or
the Dark Knights and Fist Fighters of the Dark Territory army in
their camp that was now split by a large crevice, all had sunk into
deep sleep.
In one corner of the silent night before the final battle between the
two sides, only one candle inside a tent could not be extinguished.
Sounds of quiet laughter came from behind the thick curtain, but
the only one who could hear was a lone owl perched on a tree
branch.
After the oil in the lantern was depleted, the four young women,
exhausted from talking so much, sank into sleep beside Kirito.
A moment later, far away in Central Capital Centoria in the Human
Empire, a bell steadily tolled midnight. Of course, this sound did
not reach the camp in the Dark Territory.
At the same time —
A sensation so faint it could be described as the «vibration of
time» reached every single person in the Underworld. That was
the sensation of the FLA Rate dropping to 1:1, but even if someone
was awake, they would find it extremely difficult to feel it.
Underworld Human Empire Calendar, the eighth day of the
eleventh month, Year 380, 0:00.
Real World Japan Standard Time, 7 July 2026, 0:00.
The timelines of both worlds were completely synchronized.

248

Sword Art Online Volume 16 – Alicization Exploding
Chapter 19 – The Radiant Medium

6
— Have you ever had a premonition of death?
Suddenly, a distinctive sound penetrated the ears of Bercouli
Synthesis One, and his eyes snapped open.
The rays of dawn, tinged an unknown color, began to slowly
permeate the dark tent. The air was cold as ice, and his exhaled
breath held traces of white.
He knew that it was currently 4:20 AM. Bercouli, whose
consciousness was one with the Divine Instrument «Time Piercing
Sword», which had once been the hour hand of a giant clock face,
was exceptionally keen at determining the time. In ten minutes, he
would need to relay an order to the messenger guards to blow the
horns and wake everyone up.
Reaching behind his head with thick fingers, the aged Knight could
hear the words that had broken into his dreams.
Have you ever had a premonition of death?
The one who had asked him was his only superior, the Highest
Minister Administrator.
He had already forgotten the nature of this memory. One hundred
years ago? Or was it one hundred and fifty years ago? In the past,
to prevent his soul from breaking down, memories deemed
unnecessary had been deleted from his mind. Bercouli could not
properly chronologically organize memories long past.
Yet that scene still remains so clear.
Maybe she was growing tired of those infinitely repeating days —
although they were of her own desire to begin with —
Administrator would occasionally call the man whose age was
second only to her, Bercouli, to her bedroom for drinks together.

249

Sword Art Online Volume 16 – Alicization Exploding
Chapter 19 – The Radiant Medium

The silver-haired ruler reclined on a deep red couch, wearing only
a thin silk scarf. She had asked that particular question as she
lazily played with her wineglass.
He sat straight on the floor and crossed his legs. After taking a bite
of cheese that accompanied the wine, Bercouli moved his chin and
twisted his neck.
He was accustomed to the ruler’s repetitive antics; Bercouli was
not looking to please her, but only saying what he wanted to say.
— A premonition of death. When I was still a young brat and was
defeated by a Dark Knight from the previous generation or the
generation before that, it felt pretty bad.
So the Highest Minister giggled with her hand over her mouth,
gently swirling her crystal chalice.
— But didn’t you take his head off anyway? I recall that you
seemed to transform it into a gemstone and placed it over there.
You shouldn’t have premonitions any longer.
— Yeah, I couldn’t remember. But why do you think that way?
Your Excellency shouldn’t be associated with this type of feeling.
At this question, the ancient young girl shifted her body and
crossed her long legs, smiling coyly.
— Oh dear, you don’t understand it at all, Bercouli. Every day… I
have this feeling every day. Whenever I wake up… No, in my
dreams as well. Because I have not ruled over everything yet.
There are still enemies alive. And, maybe at a certain time in the
future, new enemies will be created.
— Really, being the Highest Minister is a pretty stressful job.
One hundred years after that conversation, far away from the
Human Empire in the corner of a Dark Territory forest, Bercouli
grinned fearlessly.
— Now, I finally understand your words.

250

Sword Art Online Volume 16 – Alicization Exploding
Chapter 19 – The Radiant Medium

The so-called premonition of death was just another side of one’s
lethal pursuits of danger.
A strong enemy that realizes the end of everything, searching for a
proper death, unable to resist no matter how much it kicks or
screams… You’ve been seeking it out, after all.
Just like me right now.
Just like me, who can clearly feel death knocking on my door right
now…
After Administrator’s death, Knight Commander Bercouli, who
had become the longest-living human in the world, threw back his
covers and donned a white shirt on his muscular body. He tied on
his belt, laced his shoes, and stowed his beloved sword on his
waist.
Walking out into the cool morning air, Bercouli started towards
the messenger guards’ tent to relay the wake-up call.
***
Almost exactly at the same moment.
Near the Dark Territory military camp two kilol to the north,
against the slowly arriving dawn peeking up from the horizon, ten
dragons took off into the air.
In the fists of the Dark Knights on their backs were grasped
bundles of thick straw rope. One end of each was tied to wooden
stakes driven into the ground on the edge of the great canyon.
As the stretched ropes whistled in the wind, the dragons flew
across the nearly hundred-mel wide valley and arrived at the
southern edge. The Knights that dismounted were not wielding
swords, but hefting great hammers. They began to pound new
stakes into the ground with some unfamiliarity.
Emperor Vector’s new orders were —
The Fist Fighters’ Guild and Dark Knight Order were to cross the
the valley on those ten ropes.
251

Sword Art Online Volume 16 – Alicization Exploding
Chapter 19 – The Radiant Medium

The enemy would naturally interfere by attacking, but they must
cross regardless.
Those who fall should not be saved.
Food and other supplies need not be transferred over.
In other words, they were to sacrifice a great many people in a
ruthless fight to the death, with no provisions. Fist Fighter Guild
Chief Iskahn and ex-Dark Knight Commander Shasta’s young
successor both clenched their teeth in fury.
But they had not the option to disobey the Emperor, their ultimate
ruler.
They had hoped at least to cross the valley before the enemy
noticed them — yet the generals’ wishes were dashed when
Human Empire cavalry scouts on night watch sighted the Dark
Territory army from a faraway hill, then turned their horses
towards the knoll one kilol south.
***
With her mouth closed, Asuna chewed the stiff roasted bread with
cheese, smoked meat and dried fruit, thinking while still blearyeyed from sleep.
… Since the time’s been accelerated by a thousand, I can eat a
thousand meals in the time that the people in the real world take
to eat their meal. That won’t make me fat, will it…
Stealing a glance ahead of her, she saw Integrity Knight Alice and
Guard Chief Sortiliena nibbling on their sandwiches, their eyes
also clouded with sleep. Although it was through the fabric of their
gowns, she could make out their even bodies, without a trace of
flabbiness.
Was there anything like lifestyle-related diseases in this world? Or
were body types decided by parameters granted and set at birth?
Or — were appearances merely reflections of one’s mentality?

252

Sword Art Online Volume 16 – Alicization Exploding
Chapter 19 – The Radiant Medium

Beside them, Ronye was tearing the sandwiches into bite-sized
pieces and feeding them to a half-awake Kirito. According to Alice,
his life had been preserved through feeding, but it always seemed
to her that Kirito’s body was getting thinner every day.
Just as if he wanted to disappear from this world himself.
“… Kirito-senpai looks a little better this morning.”
Ronye suddenly murmured, as though she had read Asuna’s
thoughts.
“And he’s eating, too.”
“Could it be the effect of four pretty girls sleeping beside him?”
Asuna could not help but smile complicatedly at Alice’s quip.
Last night had eventually become a situation in which all four of
them had lay down beside Kirito and chatted deep into the night.
The four of them each shared their memories together with Kirito,
but they had far too little time, and eventually surrendered to the
demon of sleep.
What felt like an instant later, the call of the horn awoke them.
Then, they dug into breakfast that Ronye brought over like they
were now, as Asuna thought about her lover.
— Kirito-kun doesn’t change wherever he is. He’s that kind to
everyone, which causes him too much of a burden, hurting himself
in the process.
— But this has to be one step too far. Actually putting a whole
world on his shoulders alone. You needed to rely more on me and
other people. Because everyone likes you very much.
— Of course, I like you the most.
Asuna felt her heart fill with determination once more. When
Kirito awoke, she would tell him with a smile: Don’t worry,
everything’s been taken care of. What you wanted to protect, I and
everyone else have protected.
253

Sword Art Online Volume 16 – Alicization Exploding
Chapter 19 – The Radiant Medium

Asuna’s will seemed to infect the other three around her. Alice,
Ronye and Sortiliena looked towards her with gazes now fully
awake, and nodded forcefully.
Then, the horn that announced an enemy attack rang throughout
the camp with an urgent rhythm.
With bread dangling from her mouth, Alice raced to her tent,
slipped into her armor, grabbed the Fragrant Olive Sword and
sprinted back out.
After meeting up with Asuna, who was also prepared for battle,
she said to Ronye and Tiese, “Please take care of Kirito”, and left
for the north side of the camp.
At the boundary of the dark forest, she saw the silhouette of
Bercouli with his sword. After receiving the cavalry scouts’ report,
the Knight Commander watched as Alice, Asuna, and, after a few
seconds, Renri and Sheyta arrived, then grunted with a serious
expression:
“So it seems that the enemy — the Real World guys really have
tricks up their sleeve. Seems like Emperor Vector is pretty
merciless.”
What he said next even made Alice bite her lip.
A forceful cross of a hundred-mel valley merely by thick ropes. If
you fall, you die. A task impossible without steely physical and
mental fortitude. To be able to use such a strategy, Vector must
not care for the details — or rather, he views the lives of his
soldiers as mere wastepaper.
In that case, even if one third of the enemy perished at the bridge,
their main forces were still nearly seven thousand strong. One
thousand Human Empire troops taking them head-on had no hope
of victory.
Their original strategy of attacking with arts while concealed in
the forest was now impossible in the light of day.

254

Sword Art Online Volume 16 – Alicization Exploding
Chapter 19 – The Radiant Medium

Should they retreat further south and wait for another
opportunity to ambush?
Knight Commander Bercouli’s words interrupted Alice’s
confusion.
“This is war.”
The ancient hero muttered softly. Bulges of muscle visible on his
thick neck, he continued:
“Putting aside the outsider Asuna-san, this isn’t the time to
sympathize with the Dark Territory. If we wanna live we have to
take this opportunity.”
“Opportunity… you said?”
At Alice’s surprised, parroted question, Bercouli replied with a
glint in his eye.
“Yes. … Knight Renri.”
His name suddenly being called, the young Integrity Knight
immediately straightened his back.
“Y… Yes.”
“What’s the furthest range of your Divine Instruments the «Twin
Winged Blades»?”
“Yes. Normally thirty mel, but under Recollection Release, about
seventy, no, a hundred mel.”
“Very good. Then… now we four Knights will storm the main
enemy force in the valley. Alice and I will lead, with Sheyta
focusing on protecting Renri. Renri will use his Divine
Instruments to sever the enemy’s ropes at one end.”
Alice quietly gasped.
So — the enemy would definitely protect their crossing ropes with
their lives.

255

Sword Art Online Volume 16 – Alicization Exploding
Chapter 19 – The Radiant Medium

Even if they blocked the opening with a human shield, the
throwing knives would curve in their flight, sail above their heads
and directly attack the ropes. As Bercouli said, this was a
merciless strategy.
But the young Knight only fifteen years of age slammed his right
hand to the left side of his chest, face filled with firm resolve.
“Yes, sir!”
Then, The Silent Sheyta said in a low voice:
“Leave it to me. I will… protect him.”
Afterwards, Asuna, who had been purposefully left out by
Bercouli, stepped forward.
“I’m coming too. The more defenders, the better.”
Alice closed her eyes for a moment, then said to herself softly:
As the situation stands now — I, who burned ten thousand
Demihuman troops to death with a gigantic art and murdered two
thousand Dark Sorceresses with the Armament Full Control Art,
am no longer qualified to seek an honorable fight.
Now, I can only draw my sword, and kill the enemy.
“— Let’s hurry.”
Nodding to all four, Alice looked towards the knoll to the north.
The black ridgeline was already tinged with the deep red glow of
dawn.
***
Hurry up!
Hurry, hurry!
Clenching both his fists, Fist Fighters’ Guild Chief Iskahn shouted
silently for the umpteenth time.

256

Sword Art Online Volume 16 – Alicization Exploding
Chapter 19 – The Radiant Medium

On top of the ten thick ropes stretched across the yawning valley,
the Fist Fighters and Dark Knights divided themselves up and
began to cross, one by one.
They had attempted to curl their hands and feet around the ropes
and inch across while hanging upside down, but the soldiers,
having never experienced any kind of training in that area, moved
extremely clumsily. If they had been allocated time to make and
distribute safety harnesses for everyone, that would have been
beneficial, but the Emperor had given no such quarter.
Furthermore, Iskahn’s request to be the first to cross had been
instantly rejected. It appeared to be an explanation for last night’s
expansion of orders, punishment for taking only a small number
of his subordinates to engage the enemy. You all must follow my
orders alone. The Emperor’s ice-cold voice resounded in his ears.
Before Iskahn, who was gritting his teeth and staring straight
ahead, the frontmost subordinate finally reached the middle of the
rope bridge.
He could see from this distance the copper red skin radiating heat
in the cold morning air, droplets of sweat reflecting light. What an
arduous task.
Just then.
A strong gust of wind blew through the valley.
Pyoooo! The ropes creaked in protest and began to shake left and
right.
“AH…!”
Iskahn yelled, in spite of himself. A handful of tribal soldiers, their
palms dripping with sweat, slipped off the rope and plunged
downwards.
Beastlike roars shook the valley. The young Chief clenched his
teeth. Those were not screams of terror. Those were bellows of
remorseful deaths, unable to be afforded an honorable end on the
battlefield, forced to play acrobatics.
257

Sword Art Online Volume 16 – Alicization Exploding
Chapter 19 – The Radiant Medium

After the wind passed by, a two-figure number of Fist Fighters and
Dark Knights had fallen into the unending darkness of the valley.
But the soldiers behind bravely continued crossing. Every three
mel a new soldier would grasp the rope.
More gusts of wind occasionally, unforgivingly taking lives with
them every time. Without him noticing, Iskahn’s clenched fists
began flaring red.
— Deaths in vain.
No, not even that. They didn’t even leave bodies to bury.
And the goal this time was not the wish of the five races of the
Land of Darkness; it was merely the Emperor’s desire for a
woman called the «Radiant Medium». He didn’t know how to
apologize to the tribesmen like this.
— Faster, faster. Everyone get across, before someone gets in the
way again.
Whether the young Chief’s wishes had reached him, or whether
they had merely grown accustomed to his actions, the one in front
increased his speed and finally arrived at the other side. After
about five seconds, a second one stepped onto firm ground.
At this rate, it would optimistically take more than an hour for ten
thousand soldiers to cross the valley on ten rope bridges. In this
long period of time, the enemy had no way of not discovering
them here.
But now he could only pray for their lucky one-in-ten-thousand
chance.
The sun rose in the eastern sky at a frightening speed, throwing
reddish light onto the black ground.
In contrast, the number of soldiers who had gotten across only
increased at an infuriatingly slow pace. More and more fell into
the valley, increasing from fifty to a hundred, two hundred, and
just as that number hit three hundred.
258

Sword Art Online Volume 16 – Alicization Exploding
Chapter 19 – The Radiant Medium

At the black horizon line in the red sky, five silhouettes on
horseback appeared.
At this distance, even Iskahn with his superhuman vision was
unable to discern the features of the horseback enemies.
— Only five of them… Scouts? Then there’s still time before the
enemy adjusts their movements.
That judgment, or rather, hope, was instantly shattered.
The five Knights suddenly charged straight towards the valley
with alarming speed. Billowing white cloaks, multi-colored
shining armor, and what stood out the most to Iskahn, who was
unable to deny what he saw radiating from all five of them, thick,
powerful fighting intent rising from them like steam.
— Integrity Knights! And five of them!!
“Enemy attack!! Defend!! Protect the ropes at all costs!!”
Iskahn yelled, not knowing whether his voice could even reach the
other side at this distance.
Seemingly hearing the order, half of the three hundred or so
soldiers who had successfully crossed the valley surrounded the
wooden stakes bound with rope, forming a circular arrangement.
The rest prepared to repel the attack.
The enemy Knights that flew across nearly a thousand mel of
wilderness from the hills to the valley leapt off their horses
simultaneously, grouped together, and lunged towards the ropes
on the right side.
Leading them was a hulking man in loose white clothing. To his
right was a female Knight with shining golden hair and armor. To
his left was a female Knight with whom Iskahn had fought against
last night, named Sheyta.
Surrounded by the three of them was a shortish Knight, and
behind him seemed to be another, but he could not see exactly.

259

Sword Art Online Volume 16 – Alicization Exploding
Chapter 19 – The Radiant Medium

Sweat flying from their naked bodies, tens of Fist Fighters
sprinted towards them.
“URAAAA — !!”
With powerful screams, fists and feet flew towards the Knights.
Flash, flash flash. Numerous, instantaneous flashes of light.
Showers of blood plunged into the sky like a reverse waterfall. The
hands, feet and heads of the warriors were easily sliced from their
bodies.
Then.
Silver light that shined in its path flew high into the air from
behind the three Knights.
It drew a curved path above the Fist Fighters’ heads in the red
sunrise — flying straight towards the rightmost thick rope with a
great number of soldiers still fallen on top of it —
“NOOOOO — !!”
Iskahn’s keen ears, undisturbed by his own scream of despair,
detected the bzzp of a soft cutting sound.
The rope snapped back, dancing in the air like a great snake.
Tens of warriors were instantly thrown off and plunged below.
As this scene burned into his wide eyes, Iskahn felt words tumble
from his numb mouth:
“Is this… war? Can you call this war?”
Behind him, his aide Dampe was at a complete loss for words.
Forced to play acrobatics, his fellow tribesmen who were unable
to even stand in front of the enemy, devoured by a crack in the
ground, had definitely not endured their grueling training to meet
such an end.
How were they to explain this to their aged parents and sons and
daughters back in their homeland?
260

Sword Art Online Volume 16 – Alicization Exploding
Chapter 19 – The Radiant Medium

They had not died honorably in battle — but disappeared into the
ground without a wound on their bodies. How was he to say such
a thing?
Frozen to the spot, Iskahn’s ears rang with the regretful shrieks of
his fighters.
I will avenge you all. So please forgive me. Forgive me.
Even as he murmured in his heart, Iskahn was unable to
immediately point the finger at who he should accuse.
Facing an enemy several times more than them, the enemy
Integrity Knights were already giving it their all. Pleading with
them to stop until the last person crossed the valley was
impossible. On the contrary, their boldness to seize the
opportunity and send only five people to attack was impressive.
Then who?
Who should pay for the senseless deaths of the warriors?
Their commander, who can only clench his fists and stand still like
a fool?
Or —
Suddenly, excruciating pain that shot across his right eye made
Iskahn grit his teeth. Blood-red light wobbled his vision. Yet
before him, two more ropes split apart, dancing in the air.
***
In an instant, three of the ten rope bridges were severed. Gabriel
Miller watched from behind his own troops, his cheek propped on
his hand.
As expected, in terms of AI, the Human Empire Units excelled a bit
more. No, just from situation control, he could see a great
disparity between them. Including last night’s first battle, the Dark
Territory army had the tables turned on them in an instant, and
suffered painful counterattacks.
261

Sword Art Online Volume 16 – Alicization Exploding
Chapter 19 – The Radiant Medium

No matter how he thought about it, it did not seem like a
simulation game in which he fought against the CPU.
The results of this game involved Gabriel losing more than 70
percent of his own Units. But he did not feel a sliver of impatience.
Even as he watched hundreds of main force Units get eliminated,
he was merely waiting. Waiting for «that moment».
At this time, Critter, in control of the Ocean Turtle main control
room, had successfully decreased the FLA rate to 1:1, an action
that synchronized their time with that of the real world. They had
spent that much time doing so in order to minimize the impact of
decreasing the rate and to prevent the RATH worker who had
logged into the Underworld from noticing.
At the same time, via satellite network, he had released a URL
onto a large-scale video game social media website in the United
States. The link pointed to a certain publicity website that Critter
had quickly set up.
On the website, a sensational font accompanied with blood
splatter special effects declared the following:
An all new VRMMO is now open for a limited-time closed beta.
The world’s first killing-only PvP game is born.
Fully human avatars. No levels, no ethical limits.
Users who saw these fiery words marveled at the sheer audacity
of the development company, yet rejoiced beyond belief.
As of now — July 2026, as part of a counterterrorism initiative,
American VRMMOs had suffered legal limitations. Even for
independent games developed through use of The Seed software
package, if it had not been reviewed by industry rating boards and
had a Code of Ethics applied to it, running its servers would be
prohibitively difficult.
262

Sword Art Online Volume 16 – Alicization Exploding
Chapter 19 – The Radiant Medium

Therefore, activities of cruelty were strictly limited; if one insisted
on adding «dismemberment» content, the characters must be set
to insectoid figures, like «Insect Site»3. These restrictions, worse
than that of Japan, the birthplace of VRMMOs, frustrated players
all over the US. Yet now, a mysterious closed beta announcement
has suddenly appeared.
The URL was distributed all over through SNS, and people
downloaded, copied, and reuploaded the connection client with
frightening speed. In a mere four hours, the number of
AmuSpheres connected to the client that Critter had created broke
thirty thousand connections.
Gabriel’s greatest plan that he was unwilling to sacrifice valuable
real world time for.
That is, handing over the Dark Knight accounts in the Dark
Territory to the entire American VRMMO player base, letting them
connect to the Underworld to display their own fighting strength.
Not even Kikuoka Seijirou, leader of RATH, or the designer of
Underworld Higa Takeru could even dream of such an absurd
situation.
But the underlying architecture of Underworld merely utilized
The Seed’s standard VRMMO software package. If it were a game
world merely expressed through polygons, anyone could log in as
long as they possessed an AmuSphere, and could touch Objects —
or kill other characters.
And it made no difference whatsoever whether the killed
characters were real world people or Underworld people.

3

VRMMO game mentioned in Volume 7 Chapter 7

263

Sword Art Online Volume 16 – Alicization Exploding
Chapter 19 – The Radiant Medium

7
Gabriel and Critter’s secret plan was completely out of the RATH
technicians’ imaginations.
On the other hand, even if they discovered it, they had no way of
cutting off the satellite connection when the main control room
was occupied like this.
But at the moment Critter sent out the suspicious URL, someone
discovered that packet.
From within the portable terminal that Yuuki Asuna had brought
with her, the Top-Down artificial intelligence that had been
observing the Ocean Turtle’s internal status — Yui, accessed the
announcement website and correctly extrapolated Gabriel’s goal.
She searched for a way to transmit a warning to the physically
locked sub control room, but Asuna’s terminal had been left in her
cabin, and no matter how much she sounded her ringtone, no one
could hear it.
As a last resort, Yui could only pull her consciousness back to
Japan on the other side of the Pacific Ocean, and called several
portable terminals at the same time.
***
Asada Shino, a high school girl in the real world and an elite sniper
in the virtual world, was jerked awake, and jumped off her bed in
her own apartment.
Her bedside clock read 3:00 AM. Although she had been awoken at
a time like this, she was not the least bit drowsy. The reason for
that was the melody she heard was Kirigaya Kazuto’s ringtone.
Was it Kirito, who had disappeared unconsciously, calling her?
Clumsily pressing on the terminal and putting it to her ear, she
heard the frantic voice of a young girl.
264

Sword Art Online Volume 16 – Alicization Exploding
Chapter 19 – The Radiant Medium

“Sinon-san, it’s Yui!”
“Eh… Y-Yui?”
Of course, she knew Kirito and Asuna’s «daughter» — the artificial
intelligence Yui. A week ago, when she had been discussing
Kirito’s disappearance with Asuna and the others, she had
personally witnessed Yui’s high-tech information processing
abilities and emotional expressions.
But, to call her directly by telephone was completely out of her
expectations; Shino was temporarily speechless. A slightly
electronic, sweet yet urgent voice reached her ear:
“I’ll explain the details later. Get ready to leave your house and
take a taxi. I’ll send the destination and the shortest route to your
terminal. First, I’ll wire the taxi fare into Sinon-san’s electronic
wallet.”
Then, with a charin sound effect, Shino’s terminal notified her of
an online money transfer.
“Hah… T-Taxi? Where…?”
Shino stood as Yui instructed, slipping her foot out of her
sleepwear and asked with a heavy head. But Yui’s next words
jolted Shino’s consciousness awake like ice water.
“Please hurry. Papa and Mama are in danger!!”
***
“D… Danger?! Onii-chan and Asuna-san?!”
A high school student and swordswoman, also Kirigaya Kazuto’s
younger sister, Kirigaya Suguha demanded as she buttoned her
pants.
“Leafa-san, you’ll wake up Aunt Midori if you’re that loud.”
Listening to the calm voice from the terminal, Suguha hurriedly
closed her mouth.
“Ye…Yeah. Hey… This is my first time sneaking out this late…”
265

Sword Art Online Volume 16 – Alicization Exploding
Chapter 19 – The Radiant Medium

“Very regrettable, but now there’s not much time to explain the
reason for your excursion to obaa-sama. Just leave a message in
your home server explaining that you needed to attend an early
morning club activity.”
“O… Okay. Wow… Yui sure is a great strategist.”
Suguha exclaimed as she finished dressing. She descended the
stairs with soft steps, and extended her hand towards the front
door handle. Although they lived in an ancient Japanese-style
house, their online security system still ran throughout the night,
but the alarm line seemed to have been severed.
After Kazuto disappeared, her mother came home early every day.
Feeling guilty for her own actions, Suguha put her hands together
and apologized before leaving through the entrance.
— I’m sorry, Mom. I will definitely save onii-chan.
After reaching the main road, a taxi appeared before her. Probably
one that Yui had reserved online. Although the driver was slightly
surprised at Suguha’s age, after she explained that her relatives
were ill, she glanced at her terminal and said:
“Um… Please head to Tokyo harbor.”
She probably shouldn’t be too specific and say “Roppongi”4.
***
Higa Takeru felt a half-eaten Energy Bar hit his leg after dropping
from his desk, and suddenly opened his eyes.
After blinking forcefully a few times, he confirmed the time on the
wall clock. There was still a while before 4:00 AM, Japan Standard
Time. Glancing beside him, he saw that the RATH technicians
watching the sub control room all had fatigued expressions.
Professor Koujiro Rinko sat horizontally on on a chair at the
control console, her head drooping up and down as she drifted in
and out of sleep.
4

Roppongi, a district of Tokyo, is famous for its active night club scene.

266

Sword Art Online Volume 16 – Alicization Exploding
Chapter 19 – The Radiant Medium

Lieutenant Colonel Kikuoka was not asleep, but his thin slits for
eyes staring at the main monitor from behind his black-framed
glasses has lost their usual sharpness.
On the other hand, four technical crewmembers were sprawled
like corpses on mattresses laid out beside the wall. Considering
that any Defense Officer among the Self-Defense Force could be
leaking information, Kikuoka had stationed them to guard the
pressure-resistant wall partition beneath the sub control room.
Since they had been attacked by a mysterious paramilitary group,
fourteen hours had elapsed — or rather, finally passed by.
Ten hours still remained before the Aegis destroyer «Nagato»,
which was protecting them from a distance — or so it was
originally — would give the order to storm the Ocean Turtle.
Under this situation, their wait was despairingly long. It was even
more so in the time-accelerated Underworld.
Ten hours had passed since Yuuki Asuna had dived in with Super
Account 01. Calculating according to the internal acceleration rate
of one thousand times, that equated to ten thousand hours — over
one year. But there had been no news on whether her mission to
protect Alice had succeeded or failed.
“Is it really that far away… from the Human Empire to the World
End Altar…”
Higa mumbled, his mind constructing a map of the Underworld
that resembled the RATH logo — Just then.
The telephone on the control console burst to life with a
earsplitting pi pi pi, pi pi pi. Higa jumped without thinking.
“Ki… Kiku-san, the phone.”
Wondering whether something had happened downstairs, he
notified the commander.
Also startled by the phone, a figure in a Hawaiian shirt clamored
for the receiver, his clogs slipping from his feet.
267

Sword Art Online Volume 16 – Alicization Exploding
Chapter 19 – The Radiant Medium

“Sub control room, this is Kikuoka!”
Although his voice was slightly hoarse, he still managed a forceful
reply. After a moment, from the receiver came — not the voice of
Captain Nakanishi, in command of the Defense Officers, but the
hesitant voice of a young man.
“Uh, um, this is the STL development headquarters of RATH…
Right? I’m Hiraki of the RATH Roppongi branch…”
“Hah? R-Roppongi?”
In regards to Kikuoka, this was an extremely rare, slow voice
reserved for situations completely outside of his expectations. But
Higa was the same.
Why would the Roppongi branch be contacting them at this time?
The technicians there were completely unaware that RATH was a
disguised business venture operating on government defense
budget, that its headquarters was based not on Japanese soil but
in the Ocean Turtle floating far out in the south Pacific Ocean, and
the name Project Alicization should be completely foreign to them.
Of course, they were even more unlikely to know that RATH was
currently under attack by a mysterious enemy. The Roppongi
branch was set up entirely for the development of STL-related
technologies, merely an outside institution.
Right… STL…
Suddenly, a feeling of noticing something flew past in Higa’s mind,
but Kikuoka coughed loudly before Higa could catch it.
“Ah, ahh, yes. I am Kikuoka of the STL development headquarters.”
“Ah, hello, hello! We’ve met before. Long time no see, I am Hiraki,
honored to be the development director as you appointed me
here!”
— No need for this corporate talk now, just get to the point!!

268

Sword Art Online Volume 16 – Alicization Exploding
Chapter 19 – The Radiant Medium

Higa screamed silently. Kikuoka put on the same expression, but
the words coming out of his mouth effused a faux corporate-like
tone.
“Ah, greetings and thank you for your hard work, director Hiraki.
It’s pretty late; are you working overtime?”
“No, it’s just that I missed the last train as I was drinking. It’s all
the fault of the office location. Oh, Roppongi. Ah, don’t tell the
higher-ups, heh heh.”
— You’re talking to a higher-up right now! The highest-up! Now
just spit it out!!
Whether Higa’s willpower had achieved some effect or not, Hiraki
stopped his nonsense, and quickly changed his tone.
“Ah — right, it’s like this… We’ve got a problem, it’s… something
strange. Right now, someone’s suddenly come in from the outside
without an appointment…”
“From the outside? Is it a client?”
“No, it’s got nothing to do with that… Also, they look kind of like
high school girls, and there are two of them…”
“HAH?!”
Kikuoka and Higa, along with Professor Koujiro who had stood up
at some time, yelped in unison.
“High… High school girls?”
“Yeah. I tried to turn them away, since this company’s secrecy
policy is very stringent, you know. But… the things they’re saying,
makes me think… “
At Hiraki’s meandering words, even Higa rose to his feet, both
hands on the control console. Once more, Kikuoka exerted his
admirable iron willpower, and asked steadily:
“So, what exactly did they say?”

269

Sword Art Online Volume 16 – Alicization Exploding
Chapter 19 – The Radiant Medium

“I remember it was like, immediately contact Kikuoka Seijirou at
the RATH headquarters, and tell him: confirm the Underworld
FLA rate now… That’s what they said.”
“Wh… Whaaaat?!”
The two men yelped in unison again.
Why would high school girls from outside know these words?!
These are not words that those who aren’t familiar with all of
Project Alicization would know.
Higa, his mouth hanging open, exchanged looks with Kikuoka and
automatically turned towards the control console, his fingers
sailing on the keyboard.
On the pitch-black monitor, the current time acceleration rate
appeared.
x 1.00.
“Gh… One?! When did this happen?!”
Higa turned away, breathing hard, as Kikuoka frantically shouted
into the mouthpiece.
“Na… Name. Did those two girls mention their names?”
“Ah, yes. That was funny… They didn’t sound like their real names
at all. They told me to tell Kikuoka-san that they were ‘Sinon’ and
‘Leafa’. They looked Japanese, though.”
Clack.
That dry noise was the sound of the clog hanging on Kikuoka’s
right foot falling to the floor.
***
Only after the automatic lock on the door to RATH’s Roppongi
branch had clicked open, and Asada Shino and Kirigaya Suguha
had trotted in, did the artificial intelligence Yui feel slightly
calmer.
270

Sword Art Online Volume 16 – Alicization Exploding
Chapter 19 – The Radiant Medium

In particular, she breathed a small hoh of relief, and allocated a
large portion of her calculating power on another task she was
running at the same time.
Yui estimated that achieving her goals would come with a great
deal of difficulty, because this was something that she definitely
could not bring about on her own.
But at the same time, if she failed, the ones she held most dear,
Kirito and Asuna, would be faced with grave danger.
Pulling her consciousness away from Shino’s portable terminal,
Yui gazed with round eyes at each of the four fairies across from
her.
Yui and the others were currently within the VRMMORPG —
«ALfheim Online», in Kirito and Asuna’s virtual cabin on Floor 22
of New Aincrad.
Before Yui, who had transformed into a Navigation Pixie and was
floating in the air, sitting on the couch was the Cait Sith player
Silica, with triangular ears and small fangs.
Beside her, with a head of metallic pink hair, was Lisbeth, a
Leprechaun.
Leaning his waist on a table a slight distance from them, his
standing red hair tied in a drab bandanna, was Klein, a
Salamander. And beside him was a huge gray-skinned man with
his arms crossed, Agil, a Gnome.
They were battle-worn VRMMO players often known as SAO
survivors, who had lived through the death game «Sword Art
Online», and also best friends of Kirito and Asuna. Even though it
was currently very early in the morning, as soon as they received
Yui’s call, they had quickly logged into ALO, and had just finished
listening to an update on the situation.
Scratching his bandanna-wrapped head, Klein snorted in a
naturally carefree voice as seriously as he could:

271

Sword Art Online Volume 16 – Alicization Exploding
Chapter 19 – The Radiant Medium

“Dammit… That idiot got mixed up all by himself in something
huge again… a virtual world made by the Self Defense Force, and a
real artificial intelligence «Alice» that appeared there? That’s
beyond the boundary of a game now.”
“That so-called artificial intelligence, isn’t just an NPC in the
game… but an existence equal to humans like us?”
Lisbeth asked. Yui turned towards her and nodded forcefully.
“Yes, that is correct. Her structural principle is completely
different from an existing AI like myself; she is a real soul. Known
internally at RATH as «Artificial Fluctlights».”
“And they want to put them into war machines for use in war…”
Watching Yui and the little dragon Pina, who was curled up on her
knee, Silica wrinkled her brow.
“Actually, RATH meant to display it as a technological base for a
demonstration of power… But according to my estimations, the
attackers currently occupying the Ocean Turtle have a more
detailed plan.”
At Yui’s words, Klein mused with a troubled look:
“Who the hell are they, those attackers.”
“There is a 98 percent chance that they are either affiliated with
the US military or the US intelligence department.”
“US… US military?! The American military?!”
Yui nodded towards Lisbeth, who had recoiled in shock.
“If Alice falls into the hands of the US military, the day when she is
loaded as AI onto unmanned weapons and thrust into warfare will
eventually arrive. Papa and Mama are probably trying to stop this
from happening as much as they can. Because… Because…”
Suddenly, Yui became confused at the inconceivable effect that her
own emotional output software was creating.
Large droplets of liquid rolled down her face.
272

Sword Art Online Volume 16 – Alicization Exploding
Chapter 19 – The Radiant Medium

Tears.
— I’m crying. But, why…?
As though her confusion was driven away just before gushing out,
Yui tightly clasped her tiny hands in front of her chest and
continued:
“Because, Alice is the proof that ever since SAO began, every single
VRMMO world and the many people living within them have
existed, and the result of the consumption of real resources. I am
positive. The real goal of the creation of The Seed software
package is the birth of Alice.”
The four players listened silently. Yui’s tears flowed unceasingly
as she continued:
“… It is because, among the countless worlds connected together,
the laughter, crying, sadness, and love of countless people… the
light of their souls are reflected, so that true humanity can be born
in the Underworld. Alice was born from Papa, Mama, Leafa-san,
Klein-san, Lisbeth-san, Silica-san, Agil-san, Sinon-san… and the
cradle woven from many other people’s souls!”
Yui also closed her mouth, and no one said anything for a while.

273

Sword Art Online Volume 16 – Alicization Exploding
Chapter 19 – The Radiant Medium

274

Sword Art Online Volume 16 – Alicization Exploding
Chapter 19 – The Radiant Medium

Yui was unable to discern the thoughts and emotions created in
the consciousnesses of the people around her. An existing AI that
was merely an information aggregate possessed no real emotions
at all, and was therefore unable to process real emotions. There
was no one who understood that better than she did.
Yes, this strong feeling of wanting to protect Kirito and Asuna, and
the people she loved only stemmed from the most basic code
written into her mental health counseling program.
And what she said were merely words comprised of simple lists of
information, leaving her uncertain of how much she could convey
to human hearts. Before this meeting began — Yui had feared this
very moment since the instant she had flown from the Ocean
Turtle with a heavy mission.
So when she saw the transparent tracks of tears suddenly flow
from Lisbeth’s eyes, Yui experienced rare shock.
“Y… Yeah. Everything, is connected. Time, people, like rivers.”
Silica, her eyes wet, also rose to her feet, knelt in front of Yui and
gently hugged her with both hands.
“Don’t worry, Yui. We’ll help Kirito and Asuna. Please, don’t cry
anymore.”
“Yup. Dun trea’ us like strangers, Yui-ppe. There’s no way we’ll
abandon Kirito.”5
Klein tugged his bandanna downwards, and agreed in a cracked
voice. Agil nodded beside him, and declared in a solemn baritone:
“We still owe him a lot. Now is the time to repay some of that.”
“… Everyone…”
Hugged by Silica, Yui could only squeeze out one word.
Because she could not stop the unknown tears that had started
just a moment ago.
Here, Klein speaks in a much less formal, relaxed tone. It is difficult to replicate in English, but
here is an attempt.
5

275

Sword Art Online Volume 16 – Alicization Exploding
Chapter 19 – The Radiant Medium

— There shouldn’t be any time left. I still have a lot to say. In terms
of my action prioritization, I should be calmly relaying the
information. Has my emotional imitation circuit broken?
But Yui was overruled by a certain code that was berating her own
entire existence, and could only repeat the same words over and
over as she sobbed.
“… Thank you, everyone… Thank you everyone…”
After a few minutes, Yui managed to fight back her tears and
quickly explained the current situation to the four players and her
estimations of what would happen next.
The situation was that the attackers and occupiers of the Ocean
Turtle, where Kirito and Asuna had created an announcement
website in hopes of recruiting players. It was estimated that
players lured by this website would begin appearing in massive
numbers in the Underworld.
Klein furrowed his brow and spoke in a serious tone:
“There’ll be at least thirty thousand players diving in from the
US… maybe even a hundred thousand or more… To them, Kirito
and Asuna, along with the Human Empire army with Alice among
them, are merely PvP targets.”
“What if we went and followed the threads on American video
game social media? Expose the experiments and the attack, and
turn them away from this fake closed beta… How about that?”
At Lisbeth’s direct suggestion, Yui gently shook her head.
“The reality of the situation is that Japanese and American troops
are engaged in a top secret battle. If we arbitrarily expose that, it
may have the opposite effect.”
“‘Your opponents are real humans, please do not harm anyone’… If
we write something like that, it’s probably going to cause more
trouble, huh.”
Silica murmured gloomily.
276

Sword Art Online Volume 16 – Alicization Exploding
Chapter 19 – The Radiant Medium

The deep silence was immediately shattered by Klein’s energetic
voice.
“Hey, let’s fight fire with fire, then! The number of internet shutins here will never lose to that of the US. Let’s make our own
closed beta website, have, um… RATH or whatever, prepare some
more accounts, and we’ll have thirty to forty thousand people in
no time!”
“But, there’s one very troublesome problem.”
Agil said shortly, his log-like arms crossed.
“What problem is that?”
“Time difference. The time now in Japan is still 4:30 AM, which is
when the smallest number of players are online. On the other
hand in the US, it’s 12:30 PM in Los Angeles, and 3:30 PM in New
York. In terms of online player numbers, the other side has way
more of them.”
“Hnnn……”
Klein moaned, as if he had just realized this.
Yui nodded forcefully, having the exact same idea from the
beginning.
“Agil-san is right. On top of the time difference problem, we have
much fewer VRMMO players here in the first place, so recruitment
will be slower, which means that we will probably be unable to
gather up even ten thousand people. In other words, if we use
accounts with the same level as the enemies’, the chances of us
matching them is very slim.”
“But, the god-level account that Asuna is using is already gone,
right? There’s no time to train our level from scratch like Kirito…
Looks like we can only choose the strongest ones out of the
accounts that RATH prepares and do our best…”
Yui looked towards Lisbeth, who was speaking with a stiff
expression on her face.
277

Sword Art Online Volume 16 – Alicization Exploding
Chapter 19 – The Radiant Medium

“No… There are still more accounts. There are accounts that are
stronger than the default accounts the enemy is using in terms of
level and equipment.”
“Eh… Wh-Where?”
“Everyone has them. The accounts that everyone is logged in with
right now.”
To the gasping four players, Yui began to explain the core details
of her mission.
She knew that she was about to request of them a ludicrous
sacrifice — in the fullest sense of the phrase, she needed them to
hand over one half of themselves.
But at the same time, Yui deeply believed that these people would
definitely agree.
“— Account conversion! All of you and many other VRMMO
players will need to convert the characters raised in numerous
worlds of The Seed, and transfer them into the Underworld!”
(To be continued)

278

Sword Art Online Volume 16 – Alicization Exploding
Afterword

Afterword
Thank you to everyone for reading the sixteenth volume of Sword
Art Online, [Alicization Exploding], published a year after the
previous one.
Ever since the battle in the Central Cathedral ended, the story has
finally extended from the Human Empire to the entire
Underworld… I’m very sorry for making everyone wait for so long.
In this volume, Asuna finally descends into the battlefield, and
seems like some familiar characters are joining the battle as well,
so from now on, I hope I can recover the normal pace until the end
of Alicization arc. After being constantly protected since the last
volume, Kirito-shi may make a big comeback in the next one. I just
can’t help feeling so!
The subtitle of [Exploding] was added to reference the various
explosions and bursts that occurred in this volume. Although the
names were kind of short at first, like [Beginning] and [Turning],
they’ve been getting longer and longer recently6, so I want to
shorten the next volume’s name a bit. Below, I’ll be discussing the
plot of this volume for a bit. The first half of this volume is titled
[War of the Underworld], and it gives a taste of a war chronicle
since various characters are all fighting in a mess. Because of that,
I’ve shifted the writing style from a limited third-person
perspective to the so-called “omniscient third-person
perspective”. Please forgive me if you were confused by the
endlessly appearing information that should remain unknown to
that part’s central character!
Although I want to describe the author’s situation, life has been
pretty normal like last time, so there aren’t any topics worth
mentioning… I haven’t been playing any MMORPG games properly
these few years.

Referring to the katakana of the names: Beginning ビギニング, Turning ターニング, Rising
ライジング, Dividing ディバイディング, Uniting ユナイティング, Invading インベーディング, Exploding
エクスプローディング.
6

279

Sword Art Online Volume 16 – Alicization Exploding
Afterword

I’d love to start something new yet I haven’t done that since long
ago, so I at least tried a western open-world RPG on the PS4, and
wow, that was awesome. The map’s too big, there’s too much
freedom, so after wandering around for a while I forgot what
would happen during the main quests. I’m pretty sure that if I
used an HMD7 and motion controllers to play this kind of game, I
wouldn’t be able to return to the real world! I’m always dreaming
that one day SAO will become like this kind of game, but when I
pleaded to producer Futami over at Namco Bandai Entertainment,
“Please turn the entire Underworld into something that you can
adventure around in!”, I only got a stupefied smile in return.
Lastly, some routine words of thanks. To abec-san, who gave the
Stacia version of heroine Asuna-san the most beautiful and cutest
design possible (Sheyta, Renri, and the Goblin Tribal Chiefs are
great, too!), and to Miki-san, who as chief editor proofreads for me
deep into the night, thank you very much! See you next volume,
everyone!
A certain day in June 2015
Kawahara Reki

7

Head-mounted display, used for virtual reality.

280

Sword Art Online Volume 16 – Alicization Exploding
Credits

Credits
Translation8:
Tap
CJ, lucas1998, defan752
Editing:
CJ, luacs1998, defan752, ZeHaffen, DarthMewtwo
Scans:
仓崎枫子
Illustrations:
http://ruranobe.ru
Mttblue2
Terminology:
Tap

Thanks!
Compiled:
Mamue
Chapter 18 from http://www.taptaptaptaptap.net/ on 13th of December2015
Chapter 19 from https://defan752.wordpress.com on 10th of March 2016
8

281

