Sword Art Online Vol. 15 – Alicization Invading
Chapter 14 - Subtilizer (The One Who Steals Souls)

Chapter 14
Subtilizer
June ~ July AD 2026
A sniper with light blue hair.
The slender frame of the girl formed a strange harmony with the gigantic fifty
caliber rifle.
I could not see her face as she laid in the prone position with her back to me.
However, it must be as imposing as a lynx, adorned with beautiful features.
Her concentration was worthy of praise, aiming below without the slightest quiver,
her right eye pressed against the scope and her index finger touching the trigger. I
would love to continue gazing upon her from behind for a little more, but I had
little time left too.
Leaving my concealed shelter, I began walking across the ruined building’s floor.
Cautiously avoiding the pebbles, wood chips, and metal scraps, those small objects
scattered about my feet, I drew near the girl’s back in perfect silence.
The girl’s back abruptly jerked.
Did she sense something that made neither noise nor vibration? That intuition was
marvelous, but unfortunately, it was too late.
My extended right arm twisted around her slender neck as my left hand pinned her
head down from the back.
They constricted her with quiet yet clear intent.
The «Army Combative» skill showed its results; the girl’s visible life–her HP bar–
began falling rapidly. The sniper squirmed desperately, but in this VRMMO game,
«Gun Gale Online», it was near impossible to escape from a successful rear choke,
while barehanded without a significant difference in STR. That was no different
from the real world, however.

1|P a ge

Sword Art Online Vol. 15 – Alicization Invading
Chapter 14 - Subtilizer (The One Who Steals Souls)

I had predicted that this sniper with light blue hair, whom I had most looked
forward to fighting… no, hunting down among the twenty-nine participants of this
tournament named «Bullet of Bullets», would try sniping from above in this fivestory building.
The problem was, the main street on this map was within range from both the
fourth and fifth floors. I needed to swiftly decide which floor to ambush her on.
Logically, she would choose the fourth floor where she could prepare to snipe
quicker. However, my intuition and judgement whispered to me the moment I saw
the library on the fourth floor. My intuition told me that sniper was likely still a
young student in the real world. My judgement told me a student might avoid a
library that would bring up memories of real life.
That prediction was spot-on. The sniper with light blue hair wasted tens of seconds
needlessly ascending that one floor and showed herself on the fifth floor’s
warehouse.
And now, her transient life would dissolve like that of a butterfly that went astray
into a spider’s web.
Aah, if only this was not a mere reduction of binary data in the virtual world, but
the deprivation of an actual life and soul.
If only it was a live body squirming in my arm instead of an avatar.
«That moment» would truly be ever so sweet.
The sniper’s HP shown at the top-right of my vision cut through the five percent
mark. But the girl continued struggling in desperation to escape from the choke.
Even as her enemy, I felt her stance precious, trying her best despite her certain
defeat, neither letting out useless utterances nor turning limp in resignation.
While I embraced the girl tight, like a loved one, my mouth drew closer to her ear
from behind and whispered.
–Your soul will be so sweet.
2|P a ge

Sword Art Online Vol. 15 – Alicization Invading
Chapter 14 - Subtilizer (The One Who Steals Souls)

1
He slowly raised his eyelids.
It seemed he had fallen asleep unaware. The sofa of Italian make he brought in last
week was apparently too soft. With his body still engulfed in the supple leather, he
glanced at the smartwatch on his left wrist.
Afternoon, two-twenty.
Getting up, he gently straightened up his back while walking closer to the glass wall
in the south. As its entire surface was switchable glass and presently transparent, it
permitted an unbroken view of the waterfront from this executive room on the
forty-third floor.
The harbor quietly glittered in the illumination from the neighboring skyscrapers.
Numerous large ships were moored at the long wharf.
These intimidating silhouettes with their sharp edges were not of luxurious
cruisers. They were the warships of the Third Fleet under the United States Pacific
Fleet.
San Diego, California’s second city, had long been its base. The economy circled
around the gigantic naval base where over twenty-five thousand affiliated to the
military resided.
However, new industry sectors experienced a boom in recent years. High-tech
industries dealing with information, communication, bio-technology, and such.
And there were those corporations who fused military affairs with high technology
as well. Primarily entrusted with security services and training by the military, large
companies, and other related sectors, these so-called private military companies
even deploy manpower to fight directly on the front lines.
Gabriel Miller, the chief technology officer of «Glowgen Defense Systems» that had
its headquarters in Downtown San Diego, gazed down upon the port’s night view
and revealed an unconscious smile.
The dream he saw in his short nap earlier was invigorating, however slight.
3|P a ge

Sword Art Online Vol. 15 – Alicization Invading
Chapter 14 - Subtilizer (The One Who Steals Souls)

A dream of a full-dive game’s event that he had participated in days ago in this
executive room.
Gabriel rarely dreamed, but whenever he did, it would be a detailed recount of
some scene in his past.
The exhilarating sensations of that light blue haired sniper’s desperate struggle still
remained in his arms. As if it was no dream, but reality…
No, that was off. That battle happened not in reality, but in the virtual world.
Full-dive technology was a marvelous invention. Praises to its inventor, Akihiko
Kayaba. He would have been headhunted if he was still alive, even if it took
millions of dollars. Even if he was the worst criminal of the century—no, precisely
because he was such a person.
However, while the experiences brought about by the AmuSphere became
increasingly lifelike, the inadequacy felt from the realization that they were fake
became all that stronger. Like how one’s thirst could not be satiated with salt water,
no matter how much one drank.
As the youngest among Glowgen DS’s staff and a major stockholder, Gabriel led his
life without worries over his material needs. However, money could not fulfill that
craving he held deep in his heart.
―…Your soul will be so sweet…‖
He voiced out the words uttered in his dreams once more.
He wanted to whisper that in Japanese which he had been studying since three
years ago. But they must have thought him American with that US tag on his HP
bar and he had to avoid leaving them an impression stronger than necessary. There
would be opportunities to speak at length eventually. He would leave his many
questions for then.
Wiping off the faint smile that emerged on his lips without his notice, Gabriel touch
the various touch sensors embedded on the window and increased its opacity. Upon
which the darkened glass projected himself.

4|P a ge

Sword Art Online Vol. 15 – Alicization Invading
Chapter 14 - Subtilizer (The One Who Steals Souls)

His loose, blonde hair was swept back, with his eyes blue. His 6 feet, 1 inch body
was covered by a white dress shirt and dark grey slacks. His shoes were cordovan,
custom-made. It was almost the very image of the white establishment,
embarrassingly enough, but Gabriel saw no more reason for his appearance than a
means for others to identify him. At the end of the day, the flesh is nothing more
than a hull for the soul.
The soul.
Almost all religions adopted some notion of the soul. Of course, Christianity
advocated that the soul would be sent to heaven or hell upon death dependent on
one’s actions in life. However, it was neither due to Protestantism nor Catholicism
that Gabriel believed in the existence of the soul and sought it out.
It was a fact. One personally witnessed, visually.
That cluster of light, beautiful beyond compare, soaring from the girl’s forehead the
moment she met her demise in his arms.
Gabriel Miller was born in the district of Pacific Palisades in the suburbs of Los
Angeles, California, in March, 1998.
He had no siblings and he grew up engulfed in love from his affluent parents, both
emotionally and financially. The mansion he lived in was grand and there was no
end to his playgrounds, but what the young Gabriel loved most was his father’s
collection storage.
His father, the owner and manager of Glowgen Securities, the predecessor of
Glowgen Defense Systems, had the hobby of collecting insect specimens and
countless glass cases lined the vast storage. Gabriel would seclude himself in there
when he found time, viewing the multicolored insects with a magnifying glass in a
hand and immersing himself in absentminded fantasies as he sat on the sofa in the
middle of the room.
Curious, deep emotions assailed the young Gabriel at times when he was alone in
that dim room with its high ceiling, surrounded by tens of thousands of mute
insects.
5|P a ge

Sword Art Online Vol. 15 – Alicization Invading
Chapter 14 - Subtilizer (The One Who Steals Souls)

Every one of these insects lived up until a certain moment. In the grasslands of
Africa, the deserts of the Middle East, the jungles of South America, they
energetically made their nests and hunted for food.
However, they were caught by a harvester at some point, treated with chemicals,
and exchanged hands numerous times through commerce before neatly arranged in
these glass cases at the Millers. In other words, while this room was a collection
room of insect specimens, it was also a gigantic cemetery filled with tens of
thousands of massacred corpses…
Gabriel lowered his eyelids and imagined what would happen if the insects around
suddenly came back to life.
Their six legs would desperately scrape the air, their haptic perception and wings
quivering. The myriad buzzes overlapping and surging towards Gabriel as parched
ripples.
Buzz, buzz.
His eyelids flashed open. The legs of the green rhinoceros beetle fixed in the corner
of the case before him seemed to move; he leapt off the sofa. He rushed over to the
case, absorbed in the sight, but the insect was a lifeless specimen once more by the
time he reached.
Its carapace, legs with sharp thorns growing over them, and compound eyes that
resembled a miniscule mesh were emerald green and as glossy as metal. Gabriel
pondered on exactly what once powered that delicate body, granting it mobility.
His father told him that insects lacked a brain like that of humans. He asked, how
did they think then, and his father showed him a certain video.
It captured praying mantises in the act of mating. The small male had held down
the plump female from her back, their reproductive organs joined. The female
remained motionless for a moment, but then abruptly grasped the male’s upper
body with her two scythes, crunched down on his head, and began feeding without
any prior warning. The male persisted in his mating even while Gabriel watched on

6|P a ge

Sword Art Online Vol. 15 – Alicization Invading
Chapter 14 - Subtilizer (The One Who Steals Souls)

in shock, finally withdrawing his reproductive organ once his head had been utterly
devoured. The female then shook her scythes and fled at once, as fast as she could.
Despite the complete lack of its head, the male praying mantis walked along the
grass blade, up a branch, and mechanically continued its escape. His father spoke
while pointing at the clip.
The nerves spread over the entire bodies of insects, including praying mantises,
served a purpose similar to a brain. Hence, they could live for some time even after
they lost their head which was no more than a sensory organ.
Gabriel spent the several days after he watched that video wondering exactly where
praying mantises had their souls then. If they could live on even with their heads
eaten, losing all of their legs should be of no particular issue. Then perhaps their
abdomen? Or their chest? But even with their soft abdomen crushed or their chests
pierced through by a pin, insects would continue struggling for a time, their legs
squirming vigorously.
If they did not die immediately no matter which part of their body they lost, could it
be that the praying mantis’s soul was faintly spread out through its entire body?
Eight or nine years old then, Gabriel concluded so after numerous experiments
conducted on the insects he caught around his home.
The soul, that mysterious power that moved these partially mechanical beings
known as insects, stubbornly remained within them no matter which part of their
body was demolished. But it would consider it a lost cause and surrender after a
certain point, deserting its vessel.
Gabriel fervently desired to see that fleeing soul, and to capture it if possible.
However, he couldn’t even see «that something» slipping out from the insects’
bodies, let alone capture it, no matter how hard he stared into the magnifying glass,
no matter how carefully he carried out his experiments. His modest wish showed no
results even after spending much time and zeal in the secret laboratory he made
deep in the dense forest behind his mansion.
The young Gabriel instinctively knew his wish would not be agreeable to his
parents. That was why he made no further questions in a similar vein to his father
7|P a ge

Sword Art Online Vol. 15 – Alicization Invading
Chapter 14 - Subtilizer (The One Who Steals Souls)

after that one praying mantis incident and made sure to divulge nothing about his
experiments. But his desires seemed to heighten with his attempts to keep them
under wrap.
Gabriel had a friend of the same age with whom he was on extremely good terms
back then.
The girl was named Alicia Klingerman and the only daughter of the entrepreneurs
living in the mansion erected on the adjacent plot of land. They attended the same
elementary school and got along well, as did their families. She was shy and
obedient, preferring to read books or watch videos at home than to play until
muddy outside.
Naturally, Gabriel hid his secret experiments from Alicia and spoke nothing of
insects and souls.
Nevertheless, he couldn’t stop thinking about it. Gabriel’s imagination pondered,
time after time, where Alicia’s soul could be as he quietly peered into her face from
the side while she smiled like an angel, absorbed in reading her novels.
Insects were different from humans. Humans could not live on without their heads.
Thus, a human’s soul should be in their head… in their brain.
But Gabriel had already learnt that brain damage did not lead directly to loss of life
via the internet on his father’s computer. There was a construction laborer who
survived with a thick iron pipe piercing in from the chin and out the head; there
was a doctor who tried to cure mental illness by ablating a portion of a patient’s
brain.
So, was it somewhere in the brain? Gabriel wondered so as he looked at Alicia’s
brow, fringed by her fluffy blonde hair. Alicia’s soul lay hidden beyond that smooth
skin, beyond that hard skull, and beyond even those soft brain tissues.
He would definitely end up marrying Alicia, or so the Gabriel childishly envisioned.
Then he might get the chance to see Alicia’s soul with his own eyes one day. Words
couldn’t possibly describe how beautiful the soul of the angelic Alicia was.
Half of Gabriel’s wish was granted, sooner than he ever expected.
8|P a ge

Sword Art Online Vol. 15 – Alicization Invading
Chapter 14 - Subtilizer (The One Who Steals Souls)

In September 2008, widespread bank failures pulled the trigger to the Global
Financial Crisis.
The waves of recession swallowed even Pacific Palisades on the suburbs of Los
Angeles. A great number of stately mansions were offered for sale and the number
of high class automobiles driving down the streets visibly fell.
It was fortunate Glowgen Securities had solid administration and managed to
restrain the effects to a minimum, but the corporation managed by the neighbors,
the Klingermans, fell under heavy debt as their investments were in real estate.
With their fortunes, including the mansion, gone by April the next year, they
decided to depend on their kin who worked in agriculture and move to Kansas City
far in the Midwest.
It saddened Gabriel. Intelligent beyond his years as a child aged ten, he understood
he could not help Alicia as a ten-year-old child and could clearly imagine what
severe circumstances she would face from now on.
A mansion guarded by flawless security, a skilled cook to prepare each day’s meals,
and a school filled with affluent white children; these privileges would vanish from
Alicia’s life forever, replaced by poverty and manual labor. And what Gabriel
couldn’t stand most, was how Alicia’s soul, which should have been his one day,
would be hurt by some unknown person and lose its brilliance.
So, he thought to kill her.
On the day Alicia said her farewells at school, Gabriel invited her to the forest
behind his home after she got off the school bus home. Deftly dodging every
security camera set up along the road and fences, he ensured no one was looking
while he entered the forest and walked over fallen leaves to avoid leaving any
tracks, guiding Alicia to his «secret laboratory» surrounded by thick scrubs.
Utterly unaware of the countless insects that had died there, Alicia immediately
returned the gesture when Gabriel wrapped his arms around her slender form.
With soft sobs, Alicia mentioned how she didn’t want to go anywhere else, how she
wanted to live on in this district with Gabe forever.
9|P a ge

Sword Art Online Vol. 15 – Alicization Invading
Chapter 14 - Subtilizer (The One Who Steals Souls)

Whispering that he would grant her that wish in his heart, Gabriel stuck his right
hand into his shirt pocket and took out the tool he prepared in advance. What his
father had used to deal with the insects: a four inch needle made from steel with a
wooden grip.
Gently inserting the sharp point into Alicia’s left ear, he first held her right ear with
his left hand before penetrating through to its base without the slightest hesitation.
Alicia blinked her two eyes, not comprehending what had happened, before her
body underwent violent convulsions. Her open blue eyes abruptly lost their focus
seconds later, and—
Gabriel saw that.
Something like a small cloud, glittering brightly, appeared from the middle of
Alicia’s smooth forehead. That drifted, airily, as it approached Gabriel’s brow and
entered, just like that, without any resistance whatsoever.
The fine sunlight of that spring afternoon that had engulfed his surroundings
disappeared. It seemed as though rays of white light had descended through the
branches of those tall trees; he could hear even faint chimes.
Tears poured from Gabriel’s eyes from the inexpressible exaltation. He was now
looking upon Alicia’s soul… that was not all, he could see even what Alicia’s soul
could, that was what Gabriel’s instincts told him.
The small, glittering cloud passed through Gabriel’s head in several seconds that
felt like an eternity and continued on its ascent, as though guided by the light from
the skies, before vanishing at last. The spring sunshine and the chirps from small
birds returned to his surroundings.
Hugging onto Alicia’s body, with both its life and soul now absent, Gabriel
pondered on whether that earlier experience was reality or a hallucination brought
about by overwhelming stimulation. And knew that no matter which it was, he
would spend the rest of his life in pursuit of what he had just seen.
He threw Alicia’s corpse into a deep pit that opened up at the roots of a giant oak
spotted earlier. Next, after a careful inspection of his own body, he pinched up two
10 | P a g e

Sword Art Online Vol. 15 – Alicization Invading
Chapter 14 - Subtilizer (The One Who Steals Souls)

strands of blonde hair stuck on himself and tossed those into the hole as well. The
needle was washed clean before returned to his father’s toolbox.
Not even the local police’s earnest investigation found any clue to the Alicia
Klingerman Disappearance Incident and the case eventually went cold.
Having awoken from his short and deep recollection, the twenty-eight years old
Gabriel Miller took his sight off himself, reflected in the mirrored glass, and walked
to his work desk by the wall in the west. The moment he sat on reclining chair made
in Norway, a phone icon lit up on the thirty inch display panel embedded on the
desk’s glass surface.
With a tap, it showed his female secretary’s face while her voice flowed out.
[Mister Miller, I apologize for disturbing your rest. COO Ferguson had requested
for you to accompany him for dinner tomorrow. How shall I reply?]
―Tell him I have prior plans.‖
Gabriel immediately replied and his usually collected secretary showed a somewhat
troubled expression. The COO was the executive vice-president after all, the
second-in-command at Glowgen DS. As one among the over ten officers, Gabriel
could hardly afford to turn down this invitation for a meal—normally.
However, his secretary’s bewildered expression vanished before a second passed
and her calm voice continued.
[Understood. I will do as you say.]
The call ended, and Gabriel sank deep into the chair with his legs crossed.
He could guess at what Ferguson wanted. It must have been to stop Gabriel from
participating in that particular «operation» he had already scheduled.
But the COO must think otherwise inside. That old fox must be wishing for him to
nonchalantly set off to some dangerous place to earn a spot on the KIA list. After
all, Gabriel was the previous president’s own child and the majority shareholder.

11 | P a g e

Sword Art Online Vol. 15 – Alicization Invading
Chapter 14 - Subtilizer (The One Who Steals Souls)

Of course, Gabriel himself was aware of how foolish it would be for an officer to
participate in an operation where live bullets flew about. Even if he did have prior
experience, a CTO’s job was to plan out the entire operation from the safety of the
main office without any need to expose himself to the dangers of the battlefield.
However, no matter the costs, he had to participate in this operation that had to be
kept under complete and utter secrecy. After all, it was an issue related to what
Gabriel had staked his life to seek out ever since that day he saw Alicia’s soul.
The operation’s client was not the Department of Defense regardless how they
would benefit. It was the National Security Agency—the NSA—with whom they had
few prior dealings with.
The two NSA agents who visited this room a month ago managed to surprise
Gabriel, who could hardly claim to be emotional, numerous times.
Firstly, the operation was completely unlawful. After all, a combat team from
Glowgen would board a navy submarine and launch an assault on a warship
belonging to Japan, an allied nation. There was no need to concern themselves over
any fatal casualties of that ship’s crew either.
And the objective of the operation was to steal a certain technology.
Upon hearing the details, Gabriel’s voice leaked out slightly, overwhelmed by
surprise—or perhaps delight. It was fortunate the agents did not notice, however.
«Soul TransLation technology». A wondrous machine capable of deciphering
humans’ souls developed by a small organization called «Rath» in the JDSF.
Gabriel had held a strong interest in the full-dive technology born in Japan for
some time now in his pursuit of souls. That was why he fought with the players
from Japan in Gun Gale Online and studied Japanese. He even obtained a set of the
«demonic device», the Nerve Gear, that should have been disposed of without a
single one remaining by spending several tens of thousands of dollars—of course,
he didn’t intend to use it himself, however.

12 | P a g e

Sword Art Online Vol. 15 – Alicization Invading
Chapter 14 - Subtilizer (The One Who Steals Souls)

Gabriel expected development on full-dive technology to wane due to the
commotion caused by that death game. However, they had quietly continued their
research and finally drew near the secrets of the human soul.
The request from NSA felt like destiny to Gabriel.
Glowgen DS might be one of the larger private military companies around, but that
was all they were; they could hardly decline the NSA who now held even more
power than the CIA in the first place. The vote for the contract was passed with a
lead of two in the emergency board meeting. To prevent information from leaking,
it was decided that the combat team would consist of contract employees
specializing in wet work with their own dark histories to cover up—
Gabriel volunteered himself as the operation commander.
Naturally, the fact that Gabriel was an officer in Glowgen was hidden from the
combat team. Those people would likely betray the company at the drop of a hat if
they knew, abducting Gabriel for a ransom.
Gabriel had to go even with such risks.
The NSA agents mentioned. That Rath had succeeded in not just deciphering the
human soul, but also cloning it through STL technology. That if that artificial soul
given the codename «A.L.I.C.E.» was completed and loaded onto Japanese
unmanned weapons, it would destroy the military balance in East Asia.
He didn’t care if disputes arose in the Far East—or anywhere else in the world. But
Gabriel was convinced the moment he heard the name Alice.
He would make that his own.
He would procure that small media storage device, known as the light cube, with
that soul on board at all costs.
―Alice…… Alicia……‖
Leaning against the chair with its back down, he softly murmured the two names. A
faint smile appeared on his lips without his notice.

13 | P a g e

Sword Art Online Vol. 15 – Alicization Invading
Chapter 14 - Subtilizer (The One Who Steals Souls)

The name of the company established by Gabriel’s father, Glowgen, was coined
together with the meaning of «bringing forth light». It seemed his father had the
light of happiness in mind, but what came to mind for Gabriel, his successor, was
no other than that golden brilliance drifting out from the dying Alicia’s brow.
Bringing forth light. Or the soul, in other words.
It was fate, all of it.
Gabriel and the eleven in the combat team would fly to Guam a week later and
invade Japanese waters on a nuclear submarine from a naval base there. Before the
operation began, they would switch to a small submarine onboard and carry out an
assault on the objective, the giant ocean research mother ship, «Ocean Turtle».
They might occupy it without shedding blood, or with casualties resulting on either
side—or perhaps both, even. Still, Gabriel’s beliefs were unshaken. He knew he
would get his hands on «Alice» and the STL technology. He just needed a simple
copy of the light cube and documents from the NSA.
A little longer… it was just a little longer. He would grasp the true essence of the
soul that eluded him despite his multiple experiments on other humans, since
Alicia, in just a little longer.
He would be able to see that beautiful, gleaming cloud once again.
―……Your soul… will be so sweet……‖
Gabriel whispered once more, this time in Japanese, and shut his eyelids.

14 | P a g e

Sword Art Online Vol. 15 – Alicization Invading
Chapter 14 - Subtilizer (The One Who Steals Souls)

2
Captain Dario Giuliani who commanded the Seawolf-class nuclear submarine,
Jimmy Carter, was a submariner down to his bones, rising to his current position
from cleaning the torpedo tubes. The first he rode was an antique Barbel-class
diesel vessel where the stench of oil and noise followed along no matter where one
went in her stiflingly cramp space.
In comparison, the Seawolf-class that cost more than any other submarine in the
world was practically a Rolls-Royce. Giuliani had showered the ship and her crew
with love ever since he was appointed as her captain in 2020. Through tough
training, the high yield strength steel hull, her S6W reactor, and the hundred and
forty crew members were bonded like a single being, capable of swimming as she
liked in any ocean as long as it had the depth.
Jimmy Carter was practically Giuliani’s daughter. It was a pity he had to step down
from active duty soon, forced to either work on land or an early retirement, but the
successor he recommended, the executive officer, Guthrie, would definitely
command the ship brilliantly.
Nonetheless—
As though to disgrace Giuliani’s last years, a single, curiously perilous order was
handed down a mere ten days ago.
Jimmy Carter was a ship planned for support on special operations and possessed a
variety of methods to cooperate with the SEALs. The midget submarine (ASDS)
carried on its afterdeck was one among those.
There were countless times she cruised deep in foreign waters with those from the
SEALs aboard. But the objective was always for keeping the peace of the states or
the world and those men on board definitely felt the same sense of duty as
Giuliani’s subordinates as they went into the jaws of death.
However, as for that bunch who boarded from Guam two days ago—
Giuliani went to see the faces of his guests at the rear section only once, but that
was enough for him to get on the verge of ordering his subordinates to kick them
15 | P a g e

Sword Art Online Vol. 15 – Alicization Invading
Chapter 14 - Subtilizer (The One Who Steals Souls)

out into the deep sea. The tens of men lay down on the floor without any sense of
order, some blared noise from their headphones while others made merry,
gambling over card games; not to mention the empty cans of beer scattered
everywhere. There were no proper seamen in that bunch. It was doubtful they were
even from the military.
There was only one who seemed to have some notion of courtesy, that tall
commanding officer who apologized to Giuliani for their disturbance in order.
However, that man with those shockingly blue eyes—
While holding the right hand he offered and meeting his eyes, Giuliani tasted a
sensation he had forgotten for a long time.
That was from, yes, long before he entered the navy. He was swimming in the ocean
at Miami, his homeland, when a giant great white raced straight past his side. He
was fortunately unharmed, but Giuliani saw that shark’s eyes right before him.
Those eyes devoured all light like a bottomless pit.
That same hollowness extended out deep within that man’s eyes…
―Captain, a reading from the bow sonar!‖
The sudden noise from the sonar technician pulled Giuliani out from his thoughts.
―It’s the turbine from a reactor, we’re matching now… it matches, it’s definitely the
target mega-float. Fifteen miles.‖
Bringing his mind back, he quickly gave instructions from the combat command
post, the captain’s seat.
―Right, keep this depth and drop her speed to fifteen knots.‖
The order was echoed and he felt an instant of deceleration.
―Where’s that Aegis-equipped escort ship?‖
―There’s a gas turbine sound confirmed three miles west-southwest of the target…
matching done, it’s the JMSDF’s Nagato.
Giuliani stared hard at the two light points shown on the large display in front.
16 | P a g e

Sword Art Online Vol. 15 – Alicization Invading
Chapter 14 - Subtilizer (The One Who Steals Souls)

Putting aside from the Aegis-equipped warship, he heard the mega-float was an
oceanic research ship without any arms. And the order this time was to let those
armed thugs invade that. Not to mention how it was a ship from Japan, an allied
nation. It hardly seemed like a legitimate operation with the approval of the
President and Secretary of Defense.
The words from those men in black suits who brought the directive directly from
the Pentagon resurfaced in Giuliani’s mind.
—Japan is conducting research on that mega-float for reigniting war on the states.
There is no choice but to bury that research in order to maintain the friendship
between our two countries.
Giuliani was no youngling capable of eating up their words at face value.
Still, he was already old enough to understand he had no choice but to obey those
orders.
―Are our guests prepared?‖
The executive officer standing at his side confirmed in a deep voice.
―They are standing by in the ASDS.‖
―Alright… maintain this speed and bring her up to a hundred feet!‖
Compressed air pushed the ocean water out from the ballast tank and the produced
buoyancy lifted Jimmy Carter’s gigantic frame. The distance from the light points
gently yet surely decreased.
Would there be casualties among the Japanese researchers? That seemed likely. He
would probably carry the memory of cooperating in such an operation until his
deathbed.
―Five miles to the objective!‖
Shaking off his hesitation, Giuliani commanded with resolution.
―Release the ASDS!‖

17 | P a g e

Sword Art Online Vol. 15 – Alicization Invading
Chapter 14 - Subtilizer (The One Who Steals Souls)

The faint vibrations his body felt conveyed the release of their baggage from the
afterdeck.
―Release complete… ASDS self-propulsion initiated.‖
The submarine with a pack of stray dogs and a single shark aboard accelerated in
the blink of an eye and charged straight into the belly of that giant ocean turtle
floating atop the ocean.

18 | P a g e

Sword Art Online Vol. 15 – Alicization Invading
Chapter 15 - In Northern Lands

Chapter 15
In Northern Lands
10th Month of Human World Calendar 380
1
Placing the dishes she finished washing on the dish drainer, Alice Synthesis Thirty
wiped her hands on the hem of her apron as she flicked her face up.
The treetops visible beyond the small glass window had lost quite a number of
leaves, dyed in red and yellow, to the chill of recent days. The arrival of winter was
indeed earlier when compared to Central Capital Centoria.
Still, the rays of Solus pouring down from the skies, blue for the first time in a
while, seemed warm. A pair of Treeclimbing Rabbits huddled together on a thick
branch of the tree straight ahead, apparently enjoying their sunbath.
Alice smiled as she gazed at them for a while before she turned about and spoke.
“Hey, we seem to be having fine weather today, so how about we have lunch all the
way at the eastern hills?”
No one replied.
The log cabin had only two rooms, and this one served as the living room, dining
room, and kitchen with a plain wood table placed right in its middle.
Seated on one of the chairs, similarly plain, was a black-haired youth. Not even
raising his head at Alice’s call, his vacant stare stayed upon a single spot atop the
table.
He never did have much meat on him, but still, he was obviously more slender than
even Alice now. His bony frame was visible even with the loose robe he had on. The
empty right sleeve hanging down languidly from the tip of his shoulders only made
him look all the more tragic.
Light was absent from his eyes, jet-black like his hair. Those two eyes reflected no
more than his locked heart.
19 | P a g e

Sword Art Online Vol. 15 – Alicization Invading
Chapter 15 - In Northern Lands

Suppressing the pain in her chest that she could never ever get used to, Alice
continued in a cheerful voice.
“It might be a little windy, so it might be best to dress up thick. One moment, I shall
prepare them at once.”
After removing her apron and hanging it off the hook beside the sink, she turned
towards the bedroom next door.
Bundling her long, blonde hair behind, she wrapped a cotton scarf around herself.
Along with a faded black patch around her right eye that still lacked light. She first
put on one of the woollen overcoats arranged on the wall, then returned to the
living room with the other under her arm.
The black-haired youth made no movement at all. After prompting him on by
placing her hands on his skinny back, he eventually stood from the chair in an
awkward motion.
However, that was all the youth was capable of; he could not walk even a single mel.
Putting the overcoat on from behind him, she went around to his front and tied the
leather strap near his neck tight.
“You can do it, keep them up for a little longer.”
Saying so, she ran over to the corner of the room.
A tough chair made from bright light brown wood was left there. Instead of four
legs, it had two pairs of iron wheels attached, one large and one small. It was
crafted by an elderly man by the name of Garitta who lived deep in the forest in
solitude.
Holding onto the grips attached to the back of that wheelchair, she rolled it over to
behind the youth. Sitting him down on the leather seat as his body swayed
perilously, she then tightly covered his two legs with a thick lap blanket.
“There! Shall we make a move, then?”

20 | P a g e

Sword Art Online Vol. 15 – Alicization Invading
Chapter 15 - In Northern Lands

She patted the youth’s shoulders, grasped the grips, and was about to wheel the
wheelchair towards the door located south of the room.
The youth abruptly turned his face and reached his quivering left hand towards the
eastern wall.
“Aah… aah.”
That deep, coarse voice was unintelligible. However, Alice immediately guessed
what the youth desired.
“Ah, I’m sorry. I will fetch them right away.”
Three swords sat on sturdy metal fittings on the wall the youth stretched his hand
towards.
On the right was Alice’s «Fragrant Olive Sword».
On the left was the jet-black long sword the youth once carried on his waist, the
«Night Sky Sword».
And in the middle was a pure-white long sword that lacked a master to call its own,
the «Blue Rose Sword».
Alice first removed the Night Sky Sword, almost as heavy as the Fragrant Olive
Sword, from the wall and held it under her left arm.
Next, she lifted the Blue Rose Sword as well. Its weight reached only half or so of
the black sword’s. After all, it had lost more than half of the blade in its sheath.
And the owner of this sword, that flaxen-haired youth who was this youth’s best
friend, too, was no longer around…
She shut her eye for a moment and held onto both swords as she returned to the
wheelchair. Upon gently laying them onto his lap, the youth placed his left hand on
them before his face fell once more. He could express his own intentions through
voice and motion only when seeking out those black and white swords.
“Be sure to keep a firm hold on them or they will drop.”
21 | P a g e

Sword Art Online Vol. 15 – Alicization Invading
Chapter 15 - In Northern Lands

Alice told him while holding back the ache in her chest that had not lessened
despite the months that passed. Pushing the now heavier wheelchair, they went out
through the door.
A thick plank lay across the distance from the porch to the ground in the place of
steps. Upon descending into the garden from there, a soft, cool breeze and the
gentle sunlight enveloped the pair.
The log cabin was built deep within the thick forest, in a wide meadow. Alice
personally cut, stripped, and assembled the wood it used. It was not much to look
at, but its structure was sturdy as only trees with high priorities were used. She had
to put up with the countless comments from the elderly Garitta, who taught her the
method from scratch, about how he had never seen a girl with such strength,
however.
This meadow was apparently where Alice and Eugeo had their secret playground
when they were still children. Unfortunately, she had no memories of that time
whatsoever. All memories from before she became an integrity knight were
plundered through the «Synthesis Ritual».
She told the elderly Garitta and the villagers that she lost all of her past memories,
but offered no reason. But in truth, her current self—Integrity Knight Alice
Synthesis Thirty—was no more than a temporary personality dwelling in the body
of the one born and raised on this land, Alice Schuberg. She felt obligated to return
it if she could, but the memories of the original Alice had departed from this world
alongside Eugeo.
“…Now, let us go.”
Alice let out her voice to shake off that moment of contemplation and moved the
wheelchair on, out from the front of the residence.
Nearly all of the meadow, circular with a diameter of thirty mel, was covered in
cushy undergrowth, but an abundance of withered grass lay stacked up in a section
in its east. It appeared like the nest of a gigantic creature—or rather, it truly was—
but the master of that nest was absent. She gave it a glance and pondered where it
22 | P a g e

Sword Art Online Vol. 15 – Alicization Invading
Chapter 15 - In Northern Lands

could have went to play today while exiting from the small path heading northwest
from the meadow into the forest.
The road split into the east and west fifty mel ahead. A village named Rulid was in
the west, but she had no desire to visit without purpose. Entering the eastern path,
she set out while stepping through the filtered sunlight sparkling on the ground.
She slowly continued through the forest progressing from the season of autumn
leaves to that of fallen leaves with the tenth month soon meeting its end.
“Are you cold?”
She called out to the youth but received no reply. He would say nothing even if
plunged into a blizzard of intense cold. She looked over his shoulder and confirmed
the overcoat’s collar was closed tightly.
Of course, warming themselves would be easy if she generated a thermal element or
two. However, there were villagers who viewed them with suspicion, so she
preferred to refrain from having rumors about her abuse of sacred arts spread.
After walking for about fifteen minutes while carving furrows into the beaten path
anew, the path ahead brightened up. A slightly elevated hill showed up in front after
leaving the grove of trees. The road gradually became uphill, but still, Alice pushed
the wheelchair on without difficulty.
The view instantly opened up after reaching the top of the hill.
Straight to the east was the blue surface of Lake Ruhr. And the extensive marshes
deep within it. The forest continued indefinitely to the south.
A look to the north revealed the «mountain range at the edge», covered in pure
white snow, towering as though to pierce through the sky. The days she easily flew
over those peaks astride her flying dragon seemed like a distant dream now.
She did long to look upon the beautiful landscape with both eyes. The abundant
energy in the earth and sun here should be capable of healing the right eye she lost
on the outer wall of the Central Cathedral. However, she had no desire yet to
eliminate only her own injury through sacred arts.
23 | P a g e

Sword Art Online Vol. 15 – Alicization Invading
Chapter 15 - In Northern Lands

After all, the youth’s hollow eyes could only continue their vacant stare towards
mid-air even with the late-autumn scenery endlessly spreading out before him.
Sitting down by the wheelchair, Alice leaned against the large wheel.
“How beautiful. More so than any of those art pieces hung on the cathedral’s walls.”
She called out the youth’s name with a smile.
“…This is the world you protected, Kirito.”
A single white water bird made ripples on the lake’s surface as it glided and soared
away.
How long had it been since she sat down?
Solus’s ascent had progressed quite a bit when she finally noticed. It was about time
to return to the cabin and prepare for lunch. In his current state, Kirito barely ate
anything each time, so even a single missed meal would lead to a decline in his
maximum Life.
“It is getting late, let us make our way back.”
It was when she stood up and grasped the wheelchair’s grips while saying so.
Noticing light footsteps treading over grass and climbing the hill, Alice turned
about.
The one who approached was a young girl dressed in a black habit. Her lovely face
that still retained vestiges of childishness showed a gleaming smile while she
energetically waved her right hand.
“Nee-samaa!”
The gentle breeze brought her lively voice over and Alice smiled as well while she
gave a slight wave back.
Practically skipping over the last ten mel up, the girl took several seconds to catch
her breath after her feet came to a stop, and spoke once more in a bright voice.
24 | P a g e

Sword Art Online Vol. 15 – Alicization Invading
Chapter 15 - In Northern Lands

“Good morning, Alice-neesama!”
Springing to the side, she gave a vigorous greeting to Kirito sitting on the
wheelchair as well.
“Good morning to you too, Kirito!”
Her broad grin that showed no worry over his lack of response was infused with
faint sorrow the moment she turned towards the two swords on Kirito’s lap.
“…Good morning, Eugeo.”
Reaching out with her right hand as she whispered, she softly brushed against the
Blue Rose Sword’s sheath with her fingertips. If someone unknown were to do that,
Kirito would show a somewhat defensive response, but he now let her do as she
pleased.
Having greeted her two friends, the girl straightened up and turned back to Alice
again.
Alice replied while conscious of a mysterious tenderness deep in her chest.
“Good morning, Selka. How did you ever know we were here?”
It took over a month for her to stop calling her Selka-san.
She had earnestly longed to meet her little sister ever since she found out about her
existence from Kirito’s words at the Central Cathedral half a year ago. However,
now that that wish was granted, the more precious she found Selka, the stronger
this question grew within her: if she—an ex-integrity knight by the name of Alice
Synthesis Thirty, rather than Alice Schuberg—had the right to be her elder sister.
Selka might, or might not have noticed Alice’s unending conflict, but nonetheless,
she spoke on with a smile free from concern over that issue.
“I didn’t search with sacred arts or anything of that sort. You were out when I
visited, so I thought you could have come here since today’s weather is so fine. I left
fresh milk as well as an apple and cheese pie baked just this morning on the table,
so be sure to have them for lunch.”
25 | P a g e

Sword Art Online Vol. 15 – Alicization Invading
Chapter 15 - In Northern Lands

“Thank you, that’s of great help. I was at a loss thinking of what to make.”
“Well, Kirito might end up running away someday due to the food you make, after
all, nee-sama!”
Selka laughed and Alice replied while smiling as well.
“Now you’ve said it! You know, I am capable of cooking pancakes without burning
any now, at least!”
“I wonder if that’s really true, you did turn them into cinders when you tried
cooking them with thermal elements at first and all.”
Alice tried to berate her with a poke to her forehead with her finger, but Selka
nimbly dodged it and jumped into Alice’s bosom. She gently hugged her little
sister’s back closer as she nudged her face into her breast.

26 | P a g e

Sword Art Online Vol. 15 – Alicization Invading
Chapter 15 - In Northern Lands

It was only at such times when she strongly wished she could flee from the intense
pressure weighing on her heart.
What a relief it would be if she could forget the guilt from turning her back to the
duties of an integrity knight and spending her days, quietly, deep in this remote
forest. Still, Alice knew at the same time that she should never forget that. The end
was approaching from beyond the mountain range at the edge, moment by
moment, even while she embraced her little sister.
At the very end of the fierce battle at the Axiom Church Central Cathedral—
Having suffered enough injuries to drain her Life away, Alice lay on the marble
floor, immobile, vaguely aware of the flow of the battle.
The struggle to death between Administrator the highest minister and Kirito who
wielded two swords.
The highest minister’s annihilation, incinerated in the flames of Chief Elder
Chudelkin’s captivated delusions.
The death of Kirito’s best friend, Eugeo, whose flesh was split apart alongside his
cherished sword.
Kirito who was caring for Eugeo had vehemently cried out to a mysterious crystal
plate that appeared on the north edge of the hall. At the end of the exchange that
Alice hardly understood, Kirito’s entire body suddenly stiffened up and just as she
thought so, he fell onto the floor—with that, the world sank into silence.
Right as Alice recovered a mere, slight amount of her Life and became capable of
moving, Solus’s dawn shone in from the east window. With that light as a source of
sacred energy, Alice first healed the fallen Kirito’s wounds. However, his
consciousness remained lost and she reluctantly laid him down, and then attended
to herself with healing arts before inspecting the crystal plate he spoke to.
However, the surface that had shone pale purple already lost almost all of its light
and there was no reply no matter how many times she touch or spoke to it.
28 | P a g e

Sword Art Online Vol. 15 – Alicization Invading
Chapter 15 - In Northern Lands

At a loss, Alice sat down.
She did trust in Kirito’s words and fought against the absolute ruler, Administrator,
in order to protect the people of the Human World and her little sister living in
some remote region, but she honestly doubted she could survive.
When the strange sword soldier the highest minister called «Sword Golem» pierced
deep into her body.
When she used her own body as a shield against that onslaught of lightning bolts.
And when she threw all caution to the wind and leapt in just as Kirito’s life was
about to be severed by that blade swung down—
Alice braced herself for death countless times. However, the sacrifices of Cardinal
the sage, Charlotte that mysterious spider, and Eugeo, along with Kirito’s gallant
fighting had held on to her life.
—You saved me, so take responsibility for it!
She endlessly shouted that at Kirito who lay down at the side. But the black-haired
youth’s eyelids remained shut. Think about the path you should take from now on
and choose it yourself… it seemed to Alice as though he was saying that.
After hugging her knees for tens of minutes, Alice finally stood up.
Perhaps due to the annihilation of the master of that space, the elevating disk had
ceased motion like the crystal plate, so she broke it with her sword and leapt down
to the ninety-ninth floor with Kirito on her back.
Going down the long staircase from there, she went past the elders who continued
chanting arts, and reached the grand staircase from where she headed straight
towards her master in swordsmanship who she had left in the large bath—towards
where Integrity Knight Commander Bercouli Synthesis One was.
The large quantity of hot water frozen by Eugeo’s armament full control art had
mostly thawed and Bercouli’s sprawled body, floating in the bath, was fortunately
freed from Chudelkin’s petrification art.
29 | P a g e

Sword Art Online Vol. 15 – Alicization Invading
Chapter 15 - In Northern Lands

Upon dragging his large frame onto the aisle and slapping his cheeks while loudly
crying out “oji-sama”, the giant man let out a grand sneeze before he opened his
eyes.
Alice somehow had it in herself to explain the situation to her master who went and
uttered without showing any tension on his face, “Oh, it’s already morning?”
Predictably enough, her words turned Bercouli’s expression grave and he spoke a
single line in an overpowering voice after hearing it all.
Good work there, lil’ miss.
The knight commander’s consequent actions were prompt. They gathered the
integrity knights to the «Grand Cloister of Spiritual Light» on the fiftieth floor,
beginning with Deputy Knight Commander Fanatio who was somehow fully healed
and asleep in the middle of the rose garden despite losing to Kirito and Eugeo, and
continuing with the others who were apparently similarly bound by petrification,
such as Deusolbert and Eldrie, then disseminated the facts they could.
That after a battle with two swordsmen-in-training from North Centoria Sword
Mastery Academy, the highest minister, Administrator, was defeated and erased.
That the highest minister was working on a horrifying plan to transform half of the
people into monstrous weaponry with bones made from swords.
That the Chamber of Elders, superior to the Order, was effectively Chief Elder
Chudelkin alone and he, too, had died alongside the highest minister.
All they kept hidden was the origin of the integrity knights—no, their «conception».
Bercouli withstood the impact of the truth, bearing doubts over the words the
highest minister used about them summoned from the Celestial World from the
start, but decided it should only be communicated to the other knight in
progressive steps.
Nonetheless, Eldrie, Fanatio, and the others were visibly shaken. That was only
natural. The highest minister with power comparable to the gods, the absolute ruler

30 | P a g e

Sword Art Online Vol. 15 – Alicization Invading
Chapter 15 - In Northern Lands

who reigned for hundreds of years, had died; it should be no easy task to accept that
reality.
At the end of that discussion filled with utmost disorder, the knights chose to follow
their commander’s orders for the time being, thanks to Bercouli’s popularity and
ability, as well as perhaps the unbroken operation of the «piety module».
Regardless of any changes, they were still knights serving the Axiom Church and
now that Administrator and Chudelkin had left the Human World, it was
undeniable that Knight Commander Bercouli was at the top of the church’s chain of
command.
And the instant he was entrusted with that right to command, Bercouli focused all
of their effort on carrying out their original duty, to «protect the Human World».
He must have felt lost and conflicted himself. He did find out that there were
memories of those whom he loved, stolen from him, within arm’s reach, after all.
Still, he decided to securely seal the thirty swords that formed the sword golem and
all of the over three hundred crystal prisms on the hundredth floor of the cathedral,
and to temporarily hide the death of the highest minister from all but the Order. In
order to prioritize the impending, extensive invasion from the Dark Territory over
the recovery of the integrity knights’ memories, including his own.
Bercouli somehow rallied the partially destroyed Order of the Integrity Knights,
and then set out on the major task of reorganizing and retraining the Four Empires
Imperial Guards of the Human World who were previously no more than an army
in name; naturally, Alice assisted as well. With the impromptu eyepatch made by
Kirito wrapped around her right eye, she flew about to the north and south of
Centoria.
However, her time at the cathedral was limited. The traitor who turned a sword
towards the Axiom Church—the unconscious Kirito, in other words—should be
executed; that view was expressed by quite a number of integrity knights and even
some of the ascetics who were unaware of the highest minister’s death.

31 | P a g e

Sword Art Online Vol. 15 – Alicization Invading
Chapter 15 - In Northern Lands

One dawn, when the work necessary had settled down enough for them to catch a
breather, Alice left with Kirito astride a flying dragon. It was two weeks after those
intense, bloody battles.
But predicaments followed them even then. Kirito’s eyes remained shut throughout
even the nights camping out that she was unaccustomed to and she felt that he
needed a proper roof with a warm bed, but lacked the funds to even stay in the
city’s inn, yet outright refused to exert her authority as an integrity knight for such.
What came to mind then was Rulid, the name of the village Kirito told her of on the
outer wall of the cathedral.
Holding on the ray of hope that its inhabitants might welcome them despite her lost
memories since Eugeo and she were born there, Alice turned the flying dragon’s
reins towards north. She flew while tending to Kirito’s body, so the trip from the
Norlangarth Empire to the small village at the very foot of the mountain range at
the edge required three whole days.
She descended into the forest a short distance from the village in order to avoid
startling the villagers and ordered the flying dragon to guard their belongings there,
before heading towards the village on foot with Kirito on her back.
Upon reaching a path after passing through the forest and a wheat field, she
chanced upon several villagers. However, they all looked upon them with surprise
and suspicion, with not a single one calling out to them.
It was when they arrived at Rulid Village, built on high ground, and tried to pass
through its wooden gate that a youth of large build leapt out from the guardhouse
constructed at its side. Blood rushed to his face that still showed vestiges of freckles
and he blocked Alice’s path, going—
—Hold it, outsiders may not enter the village without permission!
The young guard who shouted so with his hand on the sword on his waist as though
flaunting it, before doubt sank into his expression upon spotting Kirito’s face while

32 | P a g e

Sword Art Online Vol. 15 – Alicization Invading
Chapter 15 - In Northern Lands

he was carried on Alice’s back. He muttered, “Huh, isn’t this guy,” before staring at
Alice again, his eyes and mouth gradually widening.
—You… could you be.
Alice felt slight relief at those words. She talked to the guard who seemed to
remember her despite the eight years that passed, paying caution to the words she
used.
—I am Alice. Please call for the village chief, Gasupht Schuberg.
It might have been best to name herself as Alice Schuberg, but she could not find it
in herself to do so. Fortunately, it appeared that name was sufficient as the guard’s
face instantly turned blue from red while his mouth opened and closed repeatedly
before rushing into the village. He did not mention anything about waiting, so Alice
passed through the gate and walked on in the guard’s trail.
The village soon turned riotous, like a disturbed beehive, in that early afternoon.
Tens of villagers filled up the sides of the not-so-wide road, shouting out in shock
upon spotting Alice as she passed by.
Almost no face expressed gladness at her homecoming, however. Rather, they could
be said to seem even doubtful, wary, and afraid at Alice, clad in unfeminine metal
armor, and Kirito, still asleep on her back.
The gently sloping road eventually merged into a round plaza.
A fountain and well lay in its middle with a small church, a ringed cross on its roof,
in the north. When Alice came to a stop at the entrance to the plaza and the
villagers began exchanging whispers with uneasy looks from a distance.
Minutes later, a single man approached with firm steps, breaking through the
crowd on the east side. Alice immediately recognized the man in the prime of his
life with a neat, grayed moustache as Gasupht Schuberg, the chief of Rulid Village
and once a father to Alice.
Gasupht halted a distance away, then gazed at Alice and Kirito in turn without any
change in expression at all.
33 | P a g e

Sword Art Online Vol. 15 – Alicization Invading
Chapter 15 - In Northern Lands

Roughly ten seconds passed before he let out a deep yet resonant voice.
—Are you Alice?
Alice answered the question with no more than a “yes”. Yet the village chief neither
walked closer nor reached out with his hands, questioning further in a voice more
stern than before.
—Why are you here? Has your crime been pardoned?
She had no immediate reply this time. She herself knew neither what crime she
committed nor whether it was pardoned.
Kirito mentioned the explicit reason why Integrity Knight Deusolbert took the
young Alice Schuberg to the capital was «Trespassing into the Dark Territory».
That was certainly a transgression of the Taboo Index. However, as an integrity
knight, Alice was no longer bound by taboos. The highest minister’s orders were the
one and only law to a knight. But that highest minister was no more. She had no
choice but to determine what were crimes and how to be pardoned from them, what
was evil and what was good on her own…
Alice stared straight back into the village chief’s eyes as she replied with those
thoughts in her mind.
—I have lost all of the memories from when I lived in this village as punishment for
my crime. I do not know if I was pardoned through that. However, I can now go
nowhere but this village.
Those were Alice’s unfeigned, true feelings.
Gasupht’s eyelids shut as deep wrinkles formed themselves at his mouth and brow.
However, the village chief raised his face before long and what he announced with a
keen light in his eyes were grim words indeed.
—Leave. This village has no place for one who committed a taboo.

34 | P a g e

Sword Art Online Vol. 15 – Alicization Invading
Chapter 15 - In Northern Lands

Selka’s face rose, perhaps sensing that instant Alice’s body stiffened up, and
inclined her neck slightly.
“Nee-sama…?”
Alice showed a smile as she responded to her little sister’s anxious whisper.
“It’s nothing, really. Now, it is about time we return.”
“…Okay.”
After nodding and freeing herself from the embrace, Selka spent a moment looking
up towards Alice, but her bright smile returned straight away.
“I’ll push until we get to the fork!”
She proclaimed and immediately stood behind the wheelchair Kirito sat upon and
grasped its handles with her small hands. The wheelchair itself was rather heavy,
not to mention how a single person, though skinny, along with one and a half
swords at the rank of sacred tools weighed it down. That load was too much for one
who was merely fourteen years old and served as a sister apprentice that did not
involve physical labor—or so Alice thought the first time Selka tried—but she leaned
forward with her legs standing firm, the wheelchair began moving, though slowly.
“Be careful, we are going downhill.”
Selka had never let the wheelchair fall yet, but she still could not help but to call out
in a slightly nervous tone which made Selka reply with a, “It’s fine, you’re such a
worrywart, nee-sama”. It seemed that when Alice was still living in Rulid, she
showed a little too much concern for her little sister despite going through all those
adventures and experiments with Eugeo.
Was her basic personality preserved even with her memories lost, or was it a simple
coincidence? She pondered while walking beside Selka who pushed the wheelchair
on with a serious expression.

35 | P a g e

Sword Art Online Vol. 15 – Alicization Invading
Chapter 15 - In Northern Lands

Upon reaching the foot of the hill, the gentle slope turned into a flat path. Selka
earnestly continued despite the wheelchair’s increase in weight. While staring at
her little sister’s profile, Alice’s thoughts switched back to the past once more.
It was Selka who called, from under a grove of trees’ shade, for Alice to stop after
she left Rulid Village, dejected and crestfallen, on that day she was denied from
returning to the village. If it was not for Selka’s courage, acting how she did despite
aware that her actions disagreed with the thoughts of her father, the village chief,
and the good will of the elderly Garitta she introduced Alice to, Alice would have
been still wandering about without a destination even now.
It could not have been an easy story to swallow for Selka either.
Her elder sister who finally returned to her hometown had lost all of her past
memories.
Kirito who left a deep impression on her through their conversations in mere days
two years ago had fallen into a coma.
And Eugeo who was like a brother to her had died—
However, Selka showed her tears only when she found out Eugeo would never
return, with her smile not fading even once in front of Alice after that. She could
not help but feel gratitude and wonder at the depth of her mental toughness and
thoughtfulness anew with each passing day. She felt that strength was more
precious and mighty than an ascetic’s sacred arts, or even a knight’s sword.
And at the same time, she was reminded daily of how powerless she was, without
the Axiom Church.
Having built the small yet firm cabin just two kilolu away from the village, deep in
the forest, with the help of the elderly Garitta, what Alice set out doing straight
away was an extensive healing art on the still-unconscious Kirito.
Within the vast forest where Terraria’s grace was most bountiful, she chose a day
without even a single cloud in the skies to obstruct Solus’s light and coalesced ten
luminous elements with the plentiful sacred energy granted by the earth and sun
36 | P a g e

Sword Art Online Vol. 15 – Alicization Invading
Chapter 15 - In Northern Lands

gods to that space, converting them into healing energy and pouring it into Kirito’s
body.
The healing art Alice devoted all of herself to apply had the potential to fully heal
even the massive amount of Life a flying dragon had, let alone that of a human. She
was confident that regardless of how grim Kirito’s injuries were, he would
immediately recover along with his severed right arm and open his eyes as though
nothing had happened.
Yet—
Right after the blinding spiritual light left, Kirito’s eyes did open but those jet-black
eyes lacked any light of reason. Though Alice repeatedly called his name, shook his
shoulders, and even shouted at him while embracing him, he merely looked up at
the sky blankly. Alice failed to even revive his right arm.
Four months have passed since that day, but there was no sign of Kirito’s mind
returning.
Selka kept supporting her by insisting that Kirito would definitely recover to his old
self some day since she’s putting her all in nursing him. Still, Alice secretly feared it
was impossible for herself.
After all, she was no more than an existence created by the highest minister,
Administrator.
Selka who had been silently pushing the wheelchair so far came to a stop while
saying, “Let’s take… a break”, waking up Alice from her musing once again.
Her left hand gently touched her little sister’s back while she panted with sweat
glistening on her brow.
“Thank you, Selka, I will push from here on.”
“I wanted to push, all the way, until the fork…”
“You already pushed a hundred mel more than the previous time, didn’t you? That
helped out a lot.”
37 | P a g e

Sword Art Online Vol. 15 – Alicization Invading
Chapter 15 - In Northern Lands

She found out from the village that situations like this would be where an elder
sister, older by many years, should give her little sister some spending money, but
unfortunately, she did not have even a single copper coin in her pockets. Losing
even a mere shear would be horrible in her current financial situation, so she
carries around money only when out to shop.
To make up for that, she brushed Selka’s bright brown hair. Her little sister smiled
with her breathing calmed down, but Alice noticed faint gloom on her expression
and tilted her head.
“What is it, Selka? Is something bothering you?”
She asked while holding the wheelchair’s grips and Selka opened her mouth after
brief hesitation.
“…Erm… there’s another request to deal with the trees at the cleared land from
uncle Barbossa for you, big sister…”
“What, is that all? There is nothing for you to worry about, thank you for delivering
the message.”
Alice replied with a smile, but her sister’s crestfallen expression lifted with a
discontented pout.
“But… those people care only for themselves. Don’t you think so too, Kirito?”
She questioned Kirito, sitting on the wheelchair, but the youth looking downwards
gave no response, naturally. Still, Selka’s tone turned increasingly intense as though
he was in agreement.
“Neither Barbossa-san nor Redack-san bother trying to let you stay in the village, so
how could they still get you to help out when they’re in trouble? I know I am the
one delivering the message, but you don’t have to accept it if you don’t want to, big
sister. I will be sure to bring food from home for you.”
After letting a giggle escape from those words, Alice pacified her sulking little sister.

38 | P a g e

Sword Art Online Vol. 15 – Alicization Invading
Chapter 15 - In Northern Lands

“Though your feelings make me happy, there is really no need to be bothered over
it, Selka. I like the cabin and I feel blessed enough, staying close to the village. …I
will go immediately after Kirito is done with his lunch. Where is it?”
“…The cleared land in the south, he said.”
Selka softly replied and spent a short while silently walking beside the wheelchair.
With just a little more to the fork heading towards the log cabin, she suddenly
spoke in a firm tone.
“Sister, my time as a sister apprentice will end next year and I will receive some
wages, even if it’s not that much. When that time comes, you can stop helping those
people, okay? If it’s for you, big sister, and Kirito, I… I will always…”
Alice gently hugged Selka whose voice came to a stop there.
She felt her tawny hair on her cheeks, a sensation much the same despite the clearly
different color, and whispered.
“Thank you… But I feel blessed enough simply with you close to me, Selka…”
Seeing off Selka, who waved her hand endlessly in reluctance to part, Alice returned
to the log cabin with Kirito and quickly prepared lunch.
Though she had become somewhat capable of housework recently, her skill at
cooking alone remained stubbornly lacking. Compared to the Fragrant Olive Sword,
the kitchen knife bought from the village’s general store seemed as unreliable as a
toy and twenty or thirty minutes would pass in the blink of an eye as she nervously
sliced the ingredients.
Fortunately, Selka had delivered that freshly baked pie today, so she cut it into
smaller portions and fed Kirito. By bringing the pie to his mouth with a fork and
waiting patiently, his lips would eventually open slightly, accepting it into his
mouth. With that, Kirito would slowly, slowly chew as though replaying his
memories of how he used to eat.
39 | P a g e

Sword Art Online Vol. 15 – Alicization Invading
Chapter 15 - In Northern Lands

While Kirito’s mouth moved, she would eat the pie filled with apples and cheese
herself, savoring its taste. It was likely Sadina Schuberg, the village chief’s wife, who
made it. Mother to Selka, and Alice.
When she still lived at the Central Cathedral, she could freely dine on the rare
delicacies from around the Human World squeezed on the table in the large dining
hall. Sadina’s homemade pie both looked and tasted humble in comparison, but it
seemed several times more delicious. Alice did feel a little peeved that it seemed to
get more reaction out of Kirito than her own cooking, however.
Upon finishing the meal and the cleaning up, she sat Kirito on the wheelchair once
again and placed the two swords on his lap.
The front garden shone golden in the afternoon sunlight as they left the cabin. The
days were growing shorter lately and it would swiftly turn to dusk should her mind
wander. Reaching the southern fork with a quick pace, she pointed her feet towards
the west this time round.
The forest came to a stop shortly after she walked straight, with the wheat fields
ready to be harvested stretching out. The densely packed village of Rulid could be
seen beyond the heads of grain, swaying excessively under their weight. The spire
shooting noticeably high up in the middle of the red bricked roofs, erected in rows,
was that of the church where Selka lived.
Neither Selka nor Azariya, the sister entrusted with the church, knew the Central
Cathedral managing the Axiom Church organization in the Human World’s four
empires was now no more than a fanciful illusion with no master. Still, the small
church that served also as an orphanage stayed in operation without issue.
Even with the cathedral descending into chaos with the death of the highest
minister, there was no apparent impact on the lives of the masses. The Taboo Index
functioned as always, still constraining the masses’ awareness. Could they truly take
up arms and fight to protect the Human World?

40 | P a g e

Sword Art Online Vol. 15 – Alicization Invading
Chapter 15 - In Northern Lands

They would likely obey if ordered by the Axiom Church or the emperors. However,
that alone could not bring them victory against the forces of darkness. Knight
Commander Bercouli must be aware of that grave reality at the very least.
What would decide the course of battle in the end was neither the priority level of
weapons nor the usage authority of arts, but the strength of one’s will. Kirito’s
struggles as he upset that hopeless difference in battle potential, defeating
numerous integrity knights, Chief Elder Chudelkin, and even Highest Minister
Administrator, served as proof for that.
Taking on the looks given by the villagers laboring in the wheat fields, entwined
with vigilance and anxiety, with her chest puffed out, Alice whispered to her master
in swordsmanship in her heart.
—Oji-sama, for the masses living in the Human World, peace might not be
something to protect but something granted for all of eternity.
—And the ones who nurtured that idea must be… the Axiom Church, the Taboo
Index, and us, the Order of the Integrity Knights.
Even at this very moment, Knight Commander Bercouli should be toiling away,
training the forces of the four empires in Central Capital Centoria and producing
their equipment. Or perhaps he was already mobilizing troops to the «Great East
Gate» the frontier of the Eastabarieth Empire where the fighting will be fiercest. He
must be wanting for even an additional knight around, both as an assistant with
practical experience and as military capability after war breaks out.
—That said, I am now…
Going through the wheat fields while sunken in her contemplation, she exited at the
cleared land spreading out towards the south of the village. Stopping the wheelchair
right before the dug black soil, she scanned through the vast plot of land.
It was said that a massive forest larger than the one in the east, where Alice and
Kirito lived in, stood here until a mere two years ago.

41 | P a g e

Sword Art Online Vol. 15 – Alicization Invading
Chapter 15 - In Northern Lands

However, thanks to Kirito and Eugeo felling the Gigas Cedar, the «demonic tree»
towering above all else as it ruled over the forest and endlessly absorbed sacred
power, the village’s men could now engross themselves in expanding the fields, or
so Selka had said with an exasperated look.
A gigantic pitch-black stump remained right in the middle of the cleared land and
to its south, vigorous chopping noises rang out from the axes of tens of villagers.
The potbellied man standing in a corner, issuing booming instructions all about
without an axe in his hands, was the master of the largest farm in the village, Nygr
Barbossa.
Though somewhat reluctant, Alice still pushed the wheelchair over the narrow,
beaten path. Kirito made absolutely no reaction even as he passed along the stump,
the vestiges of the enormous tree he once fell; his head remained hung down as he
held the two swords.
The first to notice the approaching pair were young men from the Barbossa family,
resting atop the trunk of a freshly fallen tree. The trio, seemingly fifteen or sixteen
years old, watched Alice, who had a scarf wrapped over her blonde hair, without
reserve before shifting their gaze towards Kirito in his wheelchair. Deep jeering
could be heard as they exchanged words in an undertone.
Upon ignoring them and passing through them, one of the youths shouted out in a
drawl.
“Uncleee, she’s hereee.”
Nygr Barbossa, who was screaming everywhere with his hands on his waist,
vigorously spun around at that and showed a smirk on his greasy, round face. His
large mouth and narrow eyes reminded her of Chief Elder Chudelkin somewhat.
Still, Alice returned the best smile she could muster and gave a slight nod.
“Good afternoon, Barbossa-san. I heard you had work for me, so…”
“Oooh, ooh, if it isn’t Alice, I’m glad you’re here.”
42 | P a g e

Sword Art Online Vol. 15 – Alicization Invading
Chapter 15 - In Northern Lands

His two hands spread out, approaching haltingly, as his round tummy quivered;
Alice was convinced he desired an embrace, but after a look at the wheelchair
before her, he fortunately gave up on that.
In exchange, Nygr stood a mere fifty cen on her right before spinning his huge
frame and pointing at a towering, large tree between the forest and cleared land.
“Look, you can see it, can’t you? We’ve spent all our time on that frustrating
platinum oak since yesterday morning, but this pathetic amount is how much
progress was made even with ten adult men swinging their axes at it.”
The index finger and thumb on his right hand formed a smallish semicircle.
The large white and brown tree with a trunk of a mel and a half across had spread
its roots deep into the earth, stubbornly rejecting the laborers. Two men swung
their large axes in turn even now, but the notch carved in its trunk was shallow
indeed, at less than even ten cen.
Sweat poured down the men’s bare upper bodies like waterfalls. Their chests and
arm muscles were developed well enough, but their handling were rather stiff,
perhaps due to the lack of need to wield an axe in their daily activities.
One of the men had his right leg slip as she watched and struck a wrong spot at an
angle. The axe snapped at the middle of its handle and unrestrained laughter from
the man’s co-workers immersed him as he fell hard on his buttocks.
“Good grief, what are those blockheads doing…”
Nygr moaned and looked at Alice once again.
“At that rate, I have no idea how many more days will it take for that one tree. And
while we were stuck here with that, Redack’s men have already expanded the land
by twenty mel in every direction!”
After uttering the name of the next most influential farming household after the
Barbossas, Nygr kicked away a pebble at his feet. His breathing had grown
distraught, but all of a sudden, a full smile appeared on his face as he let out a
wheedling voice.
43 | P a g e

Sword Art Online Vol. 15 – Alicization Invading
Chapter 15 - In Northern Lands

“And that’s how it is, I know our agreement was for once a month, but could you
treat it as an exception just this once and lend me your strength, Alice? You
probably don’t remember, but I spared… no, treated you to sweets time after time
when you were young. You were such a cute little miss back then, you see, no, no, of
course, that’s not to say that’s any different now…”
Alice interrupted Nygr’s words while holding back her sigh.
“I understand, Barbossa-san. I will treat this one particular time as an exception.”
Getting rid of trees and rocks, like the platinum oak before her eye, obstructing the
land clearing was Alice’s current sacred task—no, her temporary source of income.
Naturally, it was not work officially assigned to her. There was an incident about a
month into her peaceful life on the outskirts of the village where a gigantic fallen
rock sealed the road towards the cleared land to the west. The episode of Alice
rolling that rock away on her own as she came across it spread through the village
as a rumor and before she knew it, they depended on her for assistance on tasks like
this.
It was a fact that money was necessary if she were to continue living with Kirito, so
she was thankful for the offers. Still, as Selka was worried that the men would
bother her with an endless stream of requests if she took on the physical labor
without complaint, she decided to limit her help to once a month for each farming
household.
Nygr should be bound by every single rule laid in the Taboo Index, the fundamental
laws of the Norlangarth Empire, and those of the village, but it came as no surprise
to her that he would send two requests within the month despite that being a
violation of the agreement. Though he had not broken through the «seal of the right
eye»—what was «Code 871» according to the highest minister’s words—like Alice or
Eugeo, it was likely he simply felt Alice to be beneath himself. He must felt no need
to naively abide by some agreement made with an ex-convict living in some hut on
the outskirts of the village.

44 | P a g e

Sword Art Online Vol. 15 – Alicization Invading
Chapter 15 - In Northern Lands

Even with those thoughts in her mind, Alice nodded at Nygr once again before
parting from the wheelchair. She took note of Kirito’s status, but he seemed
unconcerned by the clamor in the surroundings. After telling him that she would be
right back in her heart, she walked towards the large platinum oak.
The men who noticed Alice showed smirks or blatantly cluck their tongues.
However, there were now few unaware of Alice’s strength, so they distanced
themselves from the tree without a word en masse.
Taking their place before the great tree, Alice quickly drew a seal of sacred letters
with a finger on her right hand and brought out its «Stacia Window». Its quantity
of Life was quite a figure, as expected of one that ten adult men would have trouble
against. Using a borrowed axe as usual would prove ineffective against that priority
level.
Returning to the wheelchair in a jog for the moment, she bent down and whispered
softly.
“I apologize, Kirito. I would like you to lend me your sword for a little while.”
She gently touched the black leather sheath with her right hand and felt his left arm
tense up slightly as it held the sword.
However, after patiently looking into his blank eyes, the strength eventually left his
arm and a hoarse voice escaped his throat.
“…Aah…”
This was likely a fragment of his memories rather than her feelings actually getting
through to him. What controlled Kirito now were not his thoughts but the
memories resident in his breast.
“Thank you.”
Whispering so, she slowly brought up the black sword from under his arm. After
affirming that Kirito remained docile, she returned back to the platinum oak.

45 | P a g e

Sword Art Online Vol. 15 – Alicization Invading
Chapter 15 - In Northern Lands

But still, this was a splendid tree. Though it could not compare to the great ancient
trees rising around Central Capital Centoria, it must be over a hundred years old.
Alice gave an apology in her heart before stabilizing her footing.
Her right leg forward and her left leg back. She gently placed her right hand on the
grip wound with black leather of the «Night Sky Sword» unevenly set on her left
hand. She measured the distance to the tree with her left eye.
“Hey, hey, you think you can break platinum oak with that thin sword?”
One of the men shouted and the crowd went into an impromptu frenzy. That
sword’s gonna break; the sun’ll set before that; while the jeers flew in one after
another, Nygr Barbossa’s concerned voice mixed in.
“Aah, Alice, if possible, I would rather you do something about it within an hour,
you know?”
She had fallen over ten trees since she started this job, but required around thirty
minutes almost every time. The reason behind that slowness was due to her having
to keep her strength in check to avoid breaking the axes she borrowed. But she had
no need for that worry today. The Night Sky Sword was a sacred tool boasting a
priority level equal to Alice’s Fragrant Olive Sword.
“No, I will not require that long.”
Replying with a near-murmur, Alice gripped the sword’s handle.
“…Haah!!”
A short yell. A cloud of dust whirled up from beneath her right foot, dug firmly onto
the ground, like some sort of explosion.
It had been a while since she swung an actual sword, but fortunately, she had yet to
forget her techniques. The horizontal slash from the left in the same motion as
drawing it from its sheath ran through the air like black lightning.

46 | P a g e

Sword Art Online Vol. 15 – Alicization Invading
Chapter 15 - In Northern Lands

The surrounding men appeared to have been unable to follow the slash itself. Even
as Alice rose up from her final posture, with the sword swung completely to the
right in front of her, they continued scowling questioningly.
There was no more than the meager notch made by the men on the platinum oak’s
smooth bark; it had suffered no other damage—or so it appeared.
A “Whaat, she missed?” eventually came from somebody and a number of them
laughed. Alice glanced at the person to whom that voice belonged to and spoke as
she sheathed the sword.
“It will be falling that way.”
“Hah? The heck are you…”
The man’s two eyes opened wide with shock upon getting to that point in his words.
He saw the platinum oak’s trunk slowly begin to tilt. A scream grew from him and
those around him as they ran behind.
The huge tree fell with a terrific tremor where the men were until three seconds
ago.
Alice moved to the front of the stump as she warded off the rising thick cloud of
dust with her right hand. Fine tree rings were clearly visible on the newly-made
cross-section and shone as though it was polished, but a single section on the edge
was slightly frayed.
Perhaps her skills have dulled, or perhaps her unavailable right eye was to blame—
Alice pondered as she turned herself about.
Her upper body unconsciously straightened up in the next instant. Nygr Barbossa
had a full smile on his face and was rushing towards her with heavy steps, his arms
spread out.
She instinctively lifted the sword in her left hand and Nygr came to an abrupt stop
at the clink made by the guard. Still, his smile remained and he put his spread out
hands together in front of his body as he shouted.
47 | P a g e

Sword Art Online Vol. 15 – Alicization Invading
Chapter 15 - In Northern Lands

“B-Bri… brilliant! What skill! Jink, the guard chief, couldn’t even hope to match
that! It’s practically divine!”
He went another mel closer and continued his words with an expression filled
equally with admiration and greed.
“H-H-How about it, Alice, I will double your fee, so let’s not make it once a month,
help us out once a week… no, once a day!!”
Alice lightly shook her head at Nygr who was rubbing his hands together fast.
“No, the fee I am currently receiving is plenty.”
If she were to wield the Fragrant Olive Sword and make use of the armament full
control art, it would not be on the scale of one large tree a day; it would be possible
to change this forest to nothing more than barren land as far the eye could see in
mere minutes. But if she were to do that, their requests would stretch on to tilting
the plains, smashing rocks, and even making it rain.
Nuhnhnhnhnh; Nygr moaned in agony before finally snapping out of it, blinking,
after a “my pay, please” from Alice.
“O-Oh, that’s right, that’s right.”
Sticking his hand in his pocket, he pinched out the agreed hundred Shear, a single
silver coin, from a leather bag that sounded heavy.
Dropping that onto Alice’s palm, Nygr still stubbornly added some words.
“How about this, Alice? I will pay another silver coin, so how about you decline
those under Redack this month if they ask for help…”
It was then, when she held back her sigh and was about to reject his offer once
more.
A heavy clunk reached her ears. Her face sprung up and saw the wheelchair
sprawled on its side with Kirito thrown onto the ground a distance away.
“…Kirito!”
48 | P a g e

Sword Art Online Vol. 15 – Alicization Invading
Chapter 15 - In Northern Lands

She gave a hoarse shout and rapidly slipped past Nygr.
She could sense desperation from Kirito as he reached out with his left arm with his
stomach lying on the ground. Ahead of him were the previously resting young men,
two who now supported the long sword sheathed in white leather on the ground as
they cried out in excitement.
“Uohh, woah, this is heavy as heck!!”
“That’s why even that girl can bring down that platinum oak in one blow, huh?”
“Shut up and hold onto it properly!”
The third youth shouted and held the Blue Rose Sword’s handle with both hands so
as to draw it.
Alice heard her own teeth gnashing as they grinded together. Released next from
her throat was a sharp yell.
“You bastards…!!”
The youths’ mouths opened wide upon hearing that as they looked at Alice.
She ran through the remaining twenty mel in an instant and came to a stop with the
dust whirling up. The three looking at Alice’s face backed off haltingly.
Somehow restraining the emotions threatening to burst out with a deep breath,
Alice first helped up the fallen Kirito. While sitting him on the wheelchair once
again, she ordered with a stifled voice.
“That sword belongs to this man. Return it now.”
Defiant expressions instantly showed up on the trio’s faces. The lips of the one with
a large build and about to draw the Blue Rose Sword grew crooked and he pointed
at Kirito.
“We did ask that guy if we could borrow the sword, you know?”
Back on the wheelchair, Kirito’s left arm was still reaching out towards the pure
white sword while his feeble voice leaked out.
49 | P a g e

Sword Art Online Vol. 15 – Alicization Invading
Chapter 15 - In Northern Lands

One of the youths holding back the sheath warped his lips in ridicule as he
continued.
“And then, he generously lent it to us. With those cries of aah, aah, you know?”
The last went with the flow and laughed with a “yep, yep”.
Alice could not help but to tighten her right hand’s grip on the wheelchair’s handle.
That hand was unmistakably seeking to draw the Night Sky Sword hanging off her
left hand.
She would have sliced off those six hands touching the Blue Rose Sword without
even a hint of hesitation half a year ago. Integrity knights were above the Taboo
Index and its prohibition on hurting others. And in the first place, with the seal on
her right eye currently broken, there were no longer any laws capable of keeping
Alice’s actions in check.
Still—
Alice grinded her teeth so hard it hurt as she fought against the impulse surging
through herself.
These youths were part of the people of the Human World that Kirito and Eugeo
sacrificed their lives to protect. She could not hurt them. Neither of them would
wish for that.
Alice remained silent without moving a cen for several seconds. But she likely failed
to conceal the bloodlust emanating from her left hand. The trio wiped off their
smiles and averted their eyes, afraid.
“…Fine, no need for that scary look.”
The larger one eventually spat out with a sulk and took his hands off the sword’s
grip. The remaining pair let go of the sheath with faces that appeared relieved,
probably already at their limits in supporting it. The Blue Rose Sword laid down
heavily where it was.

50 | P a g e

Sword Art Online Vol. 15 – Alicization Invading
Chapter 15 - In Northern Lands

Alice approached without any additional words, stooped over, and deliberately used
just three fingers on her right hand to lift the white leather sheath. After a glare at
the brats right after turning about, she returned to the wheelchair.
She wiped the soil that got on the sheath with the cuff of her overcoat, then placed
on Kirito’s lap both the white and black swords which he firmly hugged before
coming to a stop.
She gave Nygr Barbossa a glance, seeing him apparently paying that commotion no
attention and engrossed in directing the men. Alice lightly bowed towards his back
as he continued his shouting, and then pushed the wheelchair back north on the
narrow path.
The anger raging in her breast for the first time in a while had turned to a cold
sense of futility.
It was not her first time thinking so since she began living in the forest near Rulid.
Most of the villagers avoided even talking to Alice and as for Kirito who lost his
sense of self, they would not even treat him as a human.
She had no plans to condemn them. Alice was likely still a criminal who violated the
Taboo Index to them, after all. She felt thankful enough for them giving their silent
consent for her to stay close to the village, and selling her food and daily necessities.
Still, she still pondered in a corner of her mind. —What for?
Exactly what did she suffer so much and fight against the highest minister,
Administrator, for? The other highest minister, Cardinal, the intelligent black
spider, Charlotte, and Eugeo lost their lives; Kirito lost his speech and emotions;
exactly what was protected after all that?
That line of thought ended up on a question that she could never utter.
Was there truly a need to protect people like those from the Barbossas?
That doubt was partly what made Alice abandon her sword and live in this remote
land.
51 | P a g e

Sword Art Online Vol. 15 – Alicization Invading
Chapter 15 - In Northern Lands

The tremendous military forces of darkness were drawing closer, moment by
moment, beyond the «Great East Gate» at the end of the Eastabarieth Empire even
now. It was dubious if the reborn «Human World Defense Army» fostered by
Knight Commander Bercouli could even be deployed in time. As Alice was not
relieved of her integrity knight duties—the only one capable of doing so was the
deceased highest minister—perhaps she ought to be rushing towards the Great Gate
to join them as soon as she could.
However, the weight of the Fragrant Olive Sword was now beyond what Alice could
handle.
The Celestial World she believed to be her origin was actually a deception. The
Axiom Church she swore her fealty to was smeared in lies. Not to mention she now
knew the ugliness and vulgarity of the Human World’s inhabitants far too vividly.
The time she could swing her sword without doubts over her own justice and pray
to the gods was of the distant past.
Those Alice now truly wished to protect numbered a mere few. Her father; her
mother; Selka; the elderly Garitta; and Kirito. If nothing would befall them, what
issue would there be turning her back to her knight duties and continuing her
peaceful life in this land—?
Leaving the cleared land, Alice’s feet stopped just as they reached the path beyond
the wheat fields, and she whispered to Kirito.
“Could we go shopping in the village seeing as we are here? I will not allow some
insolent child to harass you this time.”
There was no reply, but judging the lack of response as consent, Alice pushed the
wheelchair on towards the north.
The skies were dyed in the shades of sunset by the time they bought a week’s worth
of food and essentials with the hundred Shear silver coin earned and returned to
the forest cabin.
52 | P a g e

Sword Art Online Vol. 15 – Alicization Invading
Chapter 15 - In Northern Lands

She was on the way up the cabin’s porch when she noticed a low whoosh
approaching. Descending slightly with the wheelchair, she awaited the origin of that
sound near the meadow’s middle.
What made its appearance before long, skimming the treetops, was a gigantic silver
beast with two wings, a long neck, and a tail—a flying dragon. Alice’s flying dragon
who brought the two of here from the central capital. With the name, Amayori.
The flying dragon circled through the skies above the meadow twice before gently
descending. Tucking in her wings and stretching out her neck, she first touched
Kirito’s chest with the tip of her nose before rubbing her large head against Alice.
Upon scratching the faintly bluish fuzz under the dragon’s neck, a low kururu rang
out from her throat.
“Amayori, you have gotten a little plump. You have been eating too many of the
lake’s fishes.”
After being scolded with a vague smile, she breathed out from its nose as though
embarrassed, turned her long body about, and walked towards her bed east of the
cabin. She curled up atop her bed made from thickly laid dry grass, entwining her
tail with her head.
Half a year back, Alice undid the leather bridle fixed on Amayori’s head and
released the binding art on the day she decided to build this cabin in this meadow.
And she even went to the extent of telling her that she was now free and to return to
the flying dragon nest in the west empire, but the flying dragon made no attempt to
leave Alice.
Making a bed with grass she gathered on its own, she plays in the forest and catches
fish in the lake during daytime, but comes back in the evening without exception.
Despite the lack of the sacred art that restrains the proud, brutal disposition of a
dragon and brought her under a knight’s command, it was a mystery why she did
not return whence she came.

53 | P a g e

Sword Art Online Vol. 15 – Alicization Invading
Chapter 15 - In Northern Lands

That said, she was simply glad that Amayori, always together with her since she
became an integrity knight, would remain by her side through her free will, so she
made no actual effort to chase her away. The villagers spotting her flying over the
forest at times seemed to be one of the causes for Alice’s unsavory reputation
among them, but she felt no point in being bothered over that now.
After telling Amayori good night as she began her low snoring atop the dry grass,
Alice pushed the wheelchair into the cabin.
For dinner, she made a stew from half-moon beans and meatballs. The beans were
just a little hard and the balls were not all that consistent, but it seemed to have
tasted rather decent. Naturally, it was not like Kirito gave any opinion through his
words. He merely chewed and swallowed, as though from memory, whenever the
small spoon entered his mouth.
She considered how it would be nice if she knew his likes and dislikes at least, but
realized she actually held a proper conversation with this youth for less than even a
full day after thinking about it. It seemed Selka lived with him in the church for a
while two years ago, but she only remembered him indiscriminately enjoying
everything served. She thought that, too, was just like him.
It happened after she moved Kirito, who managed to finish the stew after some
time, to the small stove’s side along with the chair and was washing the cutlery in
the sink, lining them up in the drainer.
Amayori who usually slept until dawn suddenly cried out with a
low rururuu outside the window.
Her hands jerked to a stop and she perked up her ears. A noise unsuited to the
season was mixed in the night wind passing through the forest, like a cold winter
wind. A noise like thin, large wings flying against the wind.
“……!”
Leaping out of the kitchen, she confirmed Kirito was staying quiet on the chair
before opening the entrance. Straining her ears again, she judged the wind noise to
54 | P a g e

Sword Art Online Vol. 15 – Alicization Invading
Chapter 15 - In Northern Lands

be approaching, immediately went down to the front yard, and looked upwards into
the night sky.
The black silhouette descending in a spiral against the backdrop of a sky filled with
stars unmistakably belonged to a flying dragon. She looked towards the east of the
meadow just to be sure, but naturally, Amayori was crouching on her bed as she
looked up at the sky.
“Could that…”
The moment she was about to return for her sword, having thought it could be a
darkness knight from the Dark Territory who crossed the mountain range at the
edge, she saw the dragon’s scales gleam silver in the moonlight. She lessened the
tension in her shoulders slightly. The integrity knights of the Axiom Church were
the only ones to ride flying dragons with silver scales even if one were to search the
world over.
That said, it was still too early to be relieved. Exactly who would fly to a region this
remote, and for what reason? Could it be that the debate regarding the execution of
the traitor, Kirito, continued even throughout this half year and that the cathedral
had finally dispatched someone to do the deed?
Perhaps sensing Alice’s tension, Amayori crept out from her bed before lifting her
head up high and crying out once more. However, her menacing, deep tone soon
faded away, replaced by a coy, high-pitched kyuun.
Alice, too, knew why straight away.
The flying dragon that landed on the southern part of the meadow after circling
another three times had fuzz in a shade much like Amayori’s growing around its
neck. That could only be Amayori’s elder brother, a dragon named Takiguri. In
other words, the one riding on him was—
Alice called out in a stiff tone towards the knight clad in full silver armor who
landed on the ground in an elegant motion.

55 | P a g e

Sword Art Online Vol. 15 – Alicization Invading
Chapter 15 - In Northern Lands

“…To think you would find out about this place. What business do you have here,
Eldrie Synthesis Thirty-one?”
The one and only integrity knight possessing a number younger than Alice, who
was thirty, did not speak immediately and instead, first gave a deep bow with his
right hand on his chest.
Straightening his body, he slowly removed his helmet. His lustrous light purple hair
fluttered in the night wind and his good looks with a sense of urban flamboyance
were revealed. With his high, smooth voice, rare for a man—
“It has been a while, my master, Alice-sama. Your beauty has not faded despite this
change in dressing. I could not help but to make haste to meet with you, master,
with a bottle of alcohol from my cherished collection upon imagining the
bewitching splendor your golden locks would have under this evening’s glorious
moon.”
The left hand held behind his back darted forward and in it was a bottle of wine.
Alice held back a sigh as she answered the man who apparently regarded her as his
master.
“…I am truly glad your wounds have healed, but I see your personality is as it had
always been. I have only just noticed, but your manner of speech is slightly similar
to Chief Elder Chudelkin’s.”
Turning her back to Eldrie who let out a mild ugh, she proceeded towards the
cabin.
“E-Erm, Alice-sama…”
“I will hear you out inside if it is important. If it is not, down the wine on your own
and return to the central capital.”
Alice gave a glance at the siblings reunited after half a year, Takiguri and Amayori,
who were happily nuzzling each other’s heads, then returned to the cabin fast.

56 | P a g e

Sword Art Online Vol. 15 – Alicization Invading
Chapter 15 - In Northern Lands

Eldrie, who docilely followed along, scanned through the narrow cabin with curious
eyes before his gaze fixated on Kirito looking downwards beside the stove.
However, he mentioned nothing about the rebel with whom he had once crossed
swords with and swiftly slipped to the table and pulled a chair for Alice.
“……”
It seemed ludicrous to thank him, so she sighed instead and sat straight down.
Eldrie sat opposite Alice without asking and placed the wine bottle on the table. His
face clouded over the moment their gazes met straight on, likely spotting the black
bandage still covering Alice’s right eye. That expression soon vanished, however,
with Eldrie’s nose twitching as he raised his face.
“…There seems to be some aroma here, Alice-sama. On another note, I have yet to
take dinner due to this trip I undertook in haste.”
“On another note? In the first place, what would spur you to bring wine instead of
rations when flying to this remote region from the central capital?”
“I swore to the three goddesses that I will never have that dried, squirmy thing in
this life. If I have to satisfy my stomach with that, I would rather starve and give my
Life up…”
Alice stood from the chair without listening to Eldrie’s absurd excuses to the end.
Moving to the kitchen, she served the leftover stew from the metal pot on the stove
into a wooden plate and returned to the table.
Eldrie stared at the bowl placed before his eyes with a mixture of delight and
suspicion.
“……Excuse my abrupt question, but could this possibly made by your hand, Alicesama…?”
“Why, yes, it is. What about it?”
“……No. I am merely overjoyed by this day, in which I could partake in cooking
made by my master; more so than being endowed with some hidden sword stance.”
57 | P a g e

Sword Art Online Vol. 15 – Alicization Invading
Chapter 15 - In Northern Lands

Holding the spoon with a nervous expression, he brought beans to his mouth.
Alice asked once again towards Eldrie whose mouth moved as he chewed.
“And so, how did you find this place? No art could reach this far from the central
capital… and I hardly believe the Order could dispatch flying dragons to every area
in search of me alone in its current situation.”
Eldrie gave no reply for a moment, murmuring comments such as “so it’s not that
bad, after all” as he energetically moved the spoon, but eventually raised his face
from the now-emptied plate, then wiped his mouth with a handkerchief he took out
from one place or another before looking straight towards Alice.
“I came, following the bonds of fate linking us, Alice-sama… or so I would like to
say, but unfortunately, this was an utter coincidence.”
His right hand flashed open in a pompous gesture.
“Reports that the goblins and orcs were sneaking about of late came from the
knights going about the mountain range at the edge. The caves in the north, south,
and west were all destroyed under the knight commander’s command, but as there
was still the possibility of them stubbornly digging through, I came to confirm the
issue.”
“…The caves…?”
Alice’s knitted her eyebrows.
Among the four passages passing through the mountain range at the edge, the caves
in the south, the west, and the one exceeding close to Rulid Village, the north, were
rather narrow, denying access to the orcs and giants who formed the bulk of the
darkness forces. As such, she anticipated the enemy army would gather at the
«Great east Gate», but Knight Commander Bercouli had collapsed those three caves
immediately upon assuming command as insurance.
That was precisely why Alice built this secret home on this land, but the situation
would change if the enemy were to dig through the cave. Rulid Village would flip
from a peaceful remote region to the front lines where battle would first break out.
58 | P a g e

Sword Art Online Vol. 15 – Alicization Invading
Chapter 15 - In Northern Lands

“And so… did you confirm the movements of the darkness forces?”
“Though I flew around the cave for an entire day, I saw not even a single goblin, let
alone an orc.”
Eldrie lightly shrugged and continued.
“Perhaps they mistook a pack of beasts for military forces.”
“…Did you check inside the cave?”
“Naturally. I peeked in from the Dark Territory’s side, but it was buried in rocks up
to the ceiling. They would probably need a large force to dig through that. …Then
Takiguri strangely kicked up a fuss when I pulled on the reins to return to the
central capital. I left the flying to him and he descended straight towards here.
Honestly, I am just as shocked. It’s a huge coincidence… no, maybe it was the
guiding hand of fate after all.”
Having left his flowery language behind some time ago, Eldrie showed the resolute
face of a knight and continued.
“I am obligated to report that I had come across this opportunity for an audience
with you on this particular occasion. Alice-sama… please return to the Order!
Rather than the assistance of a thousand men, what we need now is your sword!!”
Alice slowly turned down her eye as though avoiding the knight’s forceful gaze.
She knew.
She knew the crackling of the brittle wall shielding the Human World crumbling
away. And of the hardships Knight Commander Bercouli and the newly-formed
Defense Army suffer as they propped it up.
Alice could never repay her debt to the knight commander for his protection and
guidance, and she had yet to lose her sense of unity with those in the Order of the
Integrity Knights, including Eldrie. That said, that was insufficient to spur her to
battle.

59 | P a g e

Sword Art Online Vol. 15 – Alicization Invading
Chapter 15 - In Northern Lands

Strength is the might of one’s will. Alice realized that truth through the battle at the
cathedral. If willpower could allow one to overturn a devastating difference in battle
potential, like Kirito back then, then it could dull the strongest sacred tool too—
“…I cannot.”
Alice softly replied.
Eldrie’s sharp voice rang out at once.
“Why.”
Without waiting for a reply, his sight, keen like a whip, turned to the young man
sitting on the chair next to the stove.
“Is it for that man? Is your heart still led astray, Alice-sama, by that man who broke
out of the cathedral’s jail and turned his treacherous blade on many knights, the
chief elder, and even the Esteemed Highest Minister? If that is so, I shall cut off the
source of your hesitation for you this very moment.”
Alice’s one eye glared at Eldrie as he put strength into his right hand holding onto
the table’s end.
“Stop it!”
Though that single line was at a suppressed volume, the knight still straightened up
his upper body with a start upon hearing it.
“He, too, only fought for the justice he believes in. Otherwise, how could he defeat
all of us integrity knights, who are supposed to be the strongest, and even the
knight deputy commander? You should know the weight behind his sword as well,
having crossed swords firsthand.”

60 | P a g e

Sword Art Online Vol. 15 – Alicization Invading
Chapter 15 - In Northern Lands

Even as wrinkles came together near his high nose bridge, Eldrie slowly released
the strength in his shoulders. He lowered his gaze to the table while murmuring to
himself.
“…Certainly, I, too, find it hard to accept Administrator-sama’s plan of changing
half of the people into soulless soldiers with bones of swords. And without that
youth… Kirito and his friend, Eugeo, it is unlikely anyone would stop that plan from
being realized. Not to mention that if it is as Bercouli-dono said, that the one who
guided that pair truly stood on a par with Administrator-sama once, as another
highest minister, Cardinal-sama, I would hardly wish to point out Kirito’s crimes.
However… if that is so, I find it even harder to swallow!!”
As though pouring out what he had always kept suppressed in his breast, Eldrie
shouted.
“If the skills of the rebel, Kirito, overwhelm even those of us integrity knights as you
have mentioned, Alice-sama, why does he not take up his sword and fight?! Why
was he reduced to such a miserable state and continues to anchor you down to this
remote region?! If he murdered Administrator-sama in order to protect the masses,
then should he not be rushing to the Great East Gate this very moment?!!”
Eldrie’s words, as though spewing out fire, showed no sign of reaching Kirito’s heart
either. His half-closed eyes reflected no more than the light from the wavering
embers in the stove.
The heavy, lasting silence that descended was punctured by Alice’s calm voice.
“…I am sorry, Eldrie. I am incapable of going with you, after all. It has nothing to do
with Kirito’s status… I have merely lost the strength to wield my sword. I doubt I
could even get a point if I were to cross swords with you now.”
Eldrie’s two eyes flashed open as though he was taken aback. The prideful knight’s
face contorted like that of a young boy.
That face showed a smile bearing resignation in time.
“…I see. Then I have nothing more to say…”
62 | P a g e

Sword Art Online Vol. 15 – Alicization Invading
Chapter 15 - In Northern Lands

Slowly stretching out his right hand, he started muttering a sacred art. The
following quick incantation created two crystal elements and changed their forms
into that of extremely thin wine glasses.
Picking the wine bottle up from the table, he flicked the tough cork off with just his
fingertip. He poured a little of the crimson red fluid into both glasses from the
bottle before putting it down.
“…If I had known we would be bidding each other farewell with this wine, I would
have brought along one that was aged for two hundred years old from the East
Empire in my collection.”
Eldrie lifted one of the glasses, downed it in one go, and then gently returned it to
the table. He took a bow and stood up, his pure white mantle billowing.
“I bid you farewell here, master. Your guidance on my sword and arts shall remain
unforgotten as long as this Eldrie lives.”
“…All the best. I pray you stay safe.”
Lightly nodding back towards Alice who managed to get those words through her
mouth somehow, the integrity knight scraped his boots against the floor as he
walked away. Alice could not help but to avert her eyes from his back filled with
unshakable pride.
The door opened and closed. A single shrill cry came from Takiguri on the front
yard, followed by the sound of flapping wings. Amayori’s voice, nasal from her
reluctance to part with her brother, pricked Alice’s breast.
Though the strong flapping vanished into the distance before long, Alice continued
sitting without stirring.
Right before the Life of the glasses made from crystal elements expired, she gently
lifted one to her lips with her fingertips. The first wine she tasted in this half year
left an aftertaste more bitter and sour than sweet on her tongue. The two empty
glasses scattered into pale light as they disintegrated seconds later.
63 | P a g e

Sword Art Online Vol. 15 – Alicization Invading
Chapter 15 - In Northern Lands

She pushed the cork back into the bottle, yet to be emptied, and stood up. Moving
to the stove, she called out towards Kirito who still sat in silence.
“…I am sorry, you must be tired. It is long past the usual bedtime, after all. Now, let
us go to bed.”
Gently tapping his shoulders with her hands to make him stand, she then guided
him to the connecting bedroom. She changed his black robe to his undyed
sleepwear before laying him on the bed at the window.
Even upon bringing up the folded blanket at her feet and covering him up to his
neck with it, Kirito’s eyes remained half-open, still staring at the ceiling
unblinkingly.
The room was filled with a pale blue darkness after she blew out the lamp on the
wall. She sat down beside Kirito and softly caressed his emaciated chest and bony
shoulders for several minutes; his eyelids fell only then, as though some source of
power he had was cut off.
She waited until the sleeping Kirito’s breathing stabilized before leaving the bed
and changing into white sleepwear herself. Returning to the living room, she
checked on Amayori from the window, then extinguished the two lamps and went
back to the bedroom.
She lifted the blanket on the bed and slipped in beside Kirito as his faint warmth
enveloped her body.
Though closing her eye would have usually allowed her to flee into her sleep
without delay, her drowsiness seemed mostly absent today.
The blinding white of the mantle whipping on Eldrie’s back as he left remained
imprinted on the insides of her eyelids, stinging her eyes.
That same pride should have filled her own back in those days. That unshakable
resolve surging through her body as energy for protecting the Human World, its
inhabitants, and the Axiom Church’s authority with her sword.
However, every last drop of that strength had left her.
64 | P a g e

Sword Art Online Vol. 15 – Alicization Invading
Chapter 15 - In Northern Lands

She had a question for Eldrie—for her former disciple. Exactly what do you fight
for, now that both the church and the highest minister have been exposed as
falsehoods?
But she could not ask. None of the integrity knights were informed of the entirety of
the highest minister’s horrifying scheme aside from Bercouli and herself. Not even
Eldrie knew the fact that his «memory fragment» and his «most beloved person»,
reduced to a part of the sword golem, remained on the sealed highest floor.
As such, he still believed in the concept of the Axiom Church. He still waits,
expectantly, for the day the three goddesses would send a new highest minister to
the cathedral to bestow their infallible guidance.
But what should she do, as one aware that the goddesses and the Celestial World
were both great lies?
It was perfectly understandable, but Knight Commander Bercouli had to hide half
of the truths from the knights to have them prepare for the incoming war. The
hesitation currently in her breast would certainly infect the other knights if she was
in their presence.
Nobody knew if the Defense Army established in haste could repel the coordinated
assault from the darkness forces. If they broke through the Great East Gate, the
monsters thirsting for blood would march on to this remote village sooner or later.
Was there no method to avoid that disaster—a certain voice replayed within Alice’s
mind every time she pondered that.
The two lines that came from that mysterious crystal plate after the battle with the
highest minister, before Kirito collapsed.
—Head for the World End Altar.
—Straight south after you exit the eastern large gate.
She had no recollection of this name, «World End Altar» in the Sacred Tongue.
However, she knew what could be found upon exiting the Great East Gate. The
65 | P a g e

Sword Art Online Vol. 15 – Alicization Invading
Chapter 15 - In Northern Lands

wilderness of the Dark Territory: soil blackened like cinders and skies in the shade
of blood reaching out. Neither advance nor escape was easy once one took a step in.
Even if she surmounted the outrageous difficulties to reach the altar, what awaited
her there? Was there truly someone—or something—capable of protecting the
inhabitants of the Human World from the darkness forces…?
Alice tilted her head atop the pillow and stared at the youth stretched out on the
other side of the bed.
Creeping through the blanket, she moved to Kirito’s side. Reaching out her hands
after slight hesitation, she clung onto him like a child spooked by a nightmare.
No matter how hard Alice drew his dismally thin body closer, the youth who made
her heart waver with intensity on a par with flames showed absolutely no reaction.
His pulse continued its sluggish pace; his lowered eyelashes remained utterly
motionless. He… no, that might no longer be anything more than an empty shell
with its soul utterly burnt out.
If her sword was now in her right hand—
She could bring an end to it all, stabbing their two touching hearts as one.
That momentary thought overflowed from Alice’s eyes as tears and fell onto Kirito’s
nape.
“Tell me, Kirito… What should I do…”
No answer for her question came.
“What… should I……”
The moonlight pouring in from a gap in the curtains coalesced and faded within the
teardrops ever-increasing.

2
66 | P a g e

Sword Art Online Vol. 15 – Alicization Invading
Chapter 15 - In Northern Lands

The twenty-second day of the tenth month that came next was the coldest it got
throughout that autumn.
Calling off the walk, she spent it together with Kirito by the stove. She intended to
make plenty of firewood as the elderly Garitta had taught her to before winter truly
arrived, but it appeared there would be no need for that.
After taking the entire day to write a mere two letters on parchment, Alice hesitated
for a moment before signing off with Synthesis Thirty in Sacred Tongue as well
below the Schuberg family name in Common Tongue.
She neatly folded one, put a wrapper on it, and addressed it to Selka. She set it on
the table beside the other for the elderly Garitta.
The letters expressed farewells and apologies. She could no longer stay in this
house now that Integrity Knight Eldrie knew of it. The next to come would likely be
Knight Commander Bercouli himself, rather than Eldrie. Alice had no words she
could use against her master in swordsmanship, her benefactor.
Hence, she would leave once more.
A thin, long sigh leaked from Alice before she raised her face and looked at the
black-haired youth sitting on the opposite side of the table.
“Hey, Kirito. Where do you wish to go? I heard the highlands in the west are a truly
beautiful sight. Or perhaps the jungles in the south? It would be warm year-long
and the fruits there seem plentiful.”
Despite the bright voice she deliberately used, Kirito showed no response as always.
His empty eyes stayed glued to the tabletop. Her heart hurt upon thinking how she
had to drag this injured youth from stability again. Still, even so, she could not
possibly leave him in Rulid. Alice could not force such a task on Selka who was a
sister apprentice, neither did she desire to. Caring for Kirito was the one and only
reason Alice found to continue living.
“…I know, let us leave our destination to Amayori. You should go to bed soon, we
will have to wake early tomorrow.”
67 | P a g e

Sword Art Online Vol. 15 – Alicization Invading
Chapter 15 - In Northern Lands

Alice changed Kirito, put him to bed, then changed into her own sleepwear, and
extinguished the light before slipping under the blanket.
Her ears focused on Kirito’s breathing by her side in the darkness. She gently
shifted herself after he completely fell asleep.
Laying her head on Kirito’s bony chest, steady beating reached her ear pressing
against it.
Kirito’s heart was no longer here. These heart beats, too, were no more than echoes
from the past. Alice came to think so through the months she spent sleeping aside
him each night. However, she still believed there was something remaining deep
within each beat that echoed out.
If Kirito currently lost only his means of expressing himself yet retained his ability
to think, what could she say to excuse this behavior of hers? Alice sank into the
shallow abyss of sleep as a mild smile formed as she pondered.
Startling, weak shaking came from the body against hers.
She somehow managed to lift her heavy eyelids. She turned her left eye towards the
window in the east, but the sky visible in the gap between the curtains was still
pitch dark. Her sleep lasted two, three hours at most by her intuition.
Alice whispered to Kirito whose body stiffly trembled once again.
“It is still night… go to sleep for a little longer…”
She moved her eyelids back down and thought to rub Kirito’s chest until he went
back to sleep. However, Alice finally noticed the youth’s abnormal behavior as his
soft voice reached her ears.
“Ah… aah…”
“Kirito…?”

68 | P a g e

Sword Art Online Vol. 15 – Alicization Invading
Chapter 15 - In Northern Lands

Kirito, in his current state, possessed no extraneous needs. He should not awake
due to the cold, his thirst, or any such thing. And yet, the youth’s trembling grew
stronger while his legs moved as though to leave the bed.
“Is something the matter…?”
Alice quickly brought herself up, wondering if he had, by some chance, regained his
consciousness, and generated a single luminous element as even the time required
to light the lamp seemed too precious.
She breathed out a disappointed sigh as she saw only that usual hollow darkness
within Kirito’s eyes that showed up in the faint white light. But, then, what had—
The sound that reached Alice’s ears this time came from outside the window.
“Kururu, kurururuu!”
Cries came from Amayori who should have been sleeping in a corner of the vacant
land. Sharp, shrill reverberations as though advising her master to stay vigilant.
Leaping to the floor, Alice ran to the living room from the bedroom and forced open
the entrance door. The cold night air immediately blew in. A strange smell was
mixed into the wind that normally smelled only of the forest. It seemed to prick into
the depths of her nose; the stench of something burnt—
Alice jumped down onto the front yard still barefooted. She drew a sharp breath the
moment she turned about, scanning through the night sky.
The skies to the west were aflame.
The ominous vermillion glow was unmistakably reflected from some humongous
inferno. She focused her eye and spotted numerous trails of black smoke across the
starry sky.
—A bushfire!?
She retracted that thought an instant after it came to her. Aboard the burnt,
pungent wind faintly reaching her was the noise of metallic clangs—and a clamor of
screams.
69 | P a g e

Sword Art Online Vol. 15 – Alicization Invading
Chapter 15 - In Northern Lands

An enemy assault.
The Dark Territory forces were attacking Rulid Village.
“…Selka!!”
A hoarse cry escaped from Alice and she dashed back to the house. However, she
stood petrified just as she got on the porch.
She had to save her little sister and parents.
But what about the other villagers?
If she tried her best to save everyone, she would need to fight the forces of darkness
head-on. But did the strength to do so still remain in her current self?
The source of Alice the integrity knight was her almost blind loyalty for the Axiom
Church and the Highest Minister. Now that she lost that faith along with her right
eye, could she truly swing the Fragrant Olive Sword and use her sacred arts?
Standing frozen, Alice’s ears—
Picked up a gatan, from within the cabin.
Her left eye flashed wide open. A chair fell over in the middle of the dim living room
and beside it was a black-haired youth crawling on the floor.
“…Kirito…”
Alice moved her paralyzed legs and entered the cabin.
The light of determination was absent as usual from Kirito’s eyes. That said, the
motive for his sluggish movement was evident. His one, extended arm reached out
straight towards the three swords hung on the wall.
“Kirito… you…”
Something hot was caught between her chest and throat. It took some time before
she noticed what faintly warped her sight were tears.
“…Ah… aah…”
70 | P a g e

Sword Art Online Vol. 15 – Alicization Invading
Chapter 15 - In Northern Lands

Kirito’s frame moved without pause as his hoarse voice escaped, desperately
approaching the swords. Alice swiped at her eyes, then ran straight to the youth and
raised his frail body up from the floor.
“Everything will be fine, I will go. I will save the villagers. So please settle down and
wait for me here.”
Quickly whispering so, Alice drew Kirito into a tight hug.
Thump. Thump. The reverberations of his heart beats reached her from their
touching chests.
A persistent willpower definitely lurked in those beats even with his heart closed
off. Even as indistinct embers, they still transmitted distinct warmth to Alice’s
body.
Alice pressed their cheeks together tightly before gently bringing him up and sitting
him on a chair.
“I will be back immediately after saving them.”
She spoke again, and then first took her armor and sword belt out from the closet
where they were this whole time before equipping them atop her sleepwear.
Rushing over the eastern wall next, she grasped her beloved sword without
hesitation.
The Fragrant Olive Sword weighed down her two hands as they held it for the first
time in half a year. Attaching its scabbard’s metal clasp onto her sword belt, she
threw an overcoat on while sticking her feet into boots, then ran down onto the
front yard again.
“Amayori!!”
A gigantic silhouette flew out at once, lowering her head, after she called out
towards the bed in the east.
Alice commanded in a keen voice after leaping onto the base of her long neck.
“Go!!”
71 | P a g e

Sword Art Online Vol. 15 – Alicization Invading
Chapter 15 - In Northern Lands

Her pair of silver wings beat loudly and the flying dragon lifted straight off into the
night sky after a short ground run.
She could clearly see the catastrophe in Rulid after gaining a little altitude. The
grandly rising flames were mainly from the village’s north end. The aggressors
likely did come from the Dark Territory through the mountain range at the edge
after all.
Eldrie had said that there were no abnormalities at the «North Cave», blocked on
Bercouli’s orders, last night. The numbers required to be mobilized for removing all
that rubble in a single day definitely exceeded a mere ten or twenty.
It seemed small units had been sneaking in via the three caves through the
mountain range at the edge under the cover of night to commit evil deeds since
times long past. Kirito and Eugeo had claimed that they fought a group of goblins in
the northern cave before they arrived at the central capital too. However, she had
never heard of an attack this extensive yet bold. The whole of the land of darkness
might truly be thinking that the time is ripe for an all-out assault on the Human
World.
Amayori flew over the dense forest in a single go and arrived at the skies over the
wheat fields at Rulid’s outskirts even as such thoughts went through Alice’s mind.
She had no reins, but she still conveyed her instructions to hover by lightly tapping
the dragon’s nape.
Alice leaned forward and focused her eye on the village’s state. The main street
crossing from south to north shone red with flames on its northern end and she
could spot the distinct shadows of the advancing attackers. The nimble goblins
dashed as though they were leaping forward. The large orcs, too, advanced with a
short distance from them.
An impromptu blockade was built from furniture and lumber piled up immediately
north of the central plaza, but the goblin vanguards had already reached there and
their drawn swords flickering in the light struck as one to pass the obstacle.
72 | P a g e

Sword Art Online Vol. 15 – Alicization Invading
Chapter 15 - In Northern Lands

The ones fighting back were of the village’s guard corps. However, they were likely
surpassed by even the goblins: be it in numbers, in equipment, or in experience. At
this rate, it would take but a brief moment before the orc unit, causing tremors as
they approached from behind, pulverized them.
Holding back her desire to dive into the midst of that battle this very moment, she
continued checking the situation.
Flames rose all about the eastern and western sides of the village as well. It seemed
to have yet suffer damage from the plaza to the south, however. Aside from the
guards, the other villagers—including Selka, of course—must have fled from the
south gate and evacuated to the forest.
Alice focused her eye on the plaza once more with that thought in mind and could
not help but to let out her voice.
“Why…!?”
There were countless silhouettes sticking close to the central fountain, surrounding
it in the circular plaza before the church. It escaped her immediate notice as there
were far too many of them. Nearly the whole of Rulid’s inhabitants must have been
gathered there.
Why did they not escape from the village?
The guards would certainly be crushed in no time when the attackers’ main force
reaches the blockade. Unless they begin moving straight away, it would be too late
to evacuate.
Alice tapped the flying dragon’s neck again and shouted out a line after moving
right above the plaza.
“Amayori, standby here until I call!”
And she jumped from the height of several tens of mel without the slightest
hesitation. The hem of her overcoat blew violently as she fell, slicing through the
cold night air.
73 | P a g e

Sword Art Online Vol. 15 – Alicization Invading
Chapter 15 - In Northern Lands

The villagers, numbering an overwhelming three hundred, who huddled in a circle
might have been prepared to put up a fight as there were men positioned on the
edge carrying farm implements such as spades and scythes. Alice landed right
beside two men who shot off orders from the side.
The stone paving cracked in a radial pattern with a thunderous roar. An intense
shock ran from the sole of her feet to her head and her Life probably fell somewhat,
but that was as far as it went.
The two men—the wealthy farmer, Nygr Barbossa, and Rulid Village’s chief,
Gasupht—had their words scared out of them by the silhouette suddenly falling
from above.
Though Alice felt her breath momentarily stop upon seeing her father’s face, she
recovered quick enough to take advantage of the silence she caused and shouted
out.
“You will not be able to hold them back here! Evacuate all of the villagers through
the southern road at once!!”
The shock grew on the men’s faces as they heard Alice’s instructions.
But what came out from Nygr’s mouth after he came to his senses was a throaty,
harsh voice.
“Don’t be stupid! How can we run away and abandon my mansion… this village?!!”
Alice refuted the wealthy farmer, veins popping from his brow, in a sharp tone.
“You can still escape from the goblins’ reach now! What is more important, your
assets or your life?!”
Replacing Nygr who could grunt in reply, Gasupht the village chief let out his voice,
deep and tense.
“Fortifying our defenses in a circular formation was the instruction from the
guards’ chief, Jink. Even I, the village chief, have to abide by his orders in such a
situation. That is the empire’s law.”
74 | P a g e

Sword Art Online Vol. 15 – Alicization Invading
Chapter 15 - In Northern Lands

Alice was the one who went speechless this time.
During emergencies, the one who acceded to the sacred task of the guard chief
gains a temporary authority to command all residents of a village or town in place
of its leader. That provision certainly existed on the empire law of Norlangarth
North Empire.
However, the guard chief named Jink was a youngling who only recently inherited
his sacred task from his father. It was doubtful he could maintain his composure
and assume command under such abnormal circumstances. The pronounced
anxiety on Gasupht’s face showed that he, too, thought so inside.
That said, the empire’s laws were absolute to the villagers. She could only have
Jink, commanding the defensive line fighting at the north side of the plaza, pull
back and change his orders to start the evacuation at once, but there was clearly
insufficient time.
What? What could she—
The cry of a young yet resolute voice reached Alice’s ears then, as she stood frozen.
“Let’s do as big sister says, father!!”
Looking back forward with a gasp, she saw a short sister healing the burnt villagers
with sacred arts.
“…Selka!”
Thank goddess, she was fine; Alice took a step forward towards her beloved little
sister, but Selka stood up and weaved through the crowd to the trio.
After showing a brief smile towards Alice, Selka’s facial expressions immediately
tensed up as she spoke to Gasupht.
“Father, have big sister ever been wrong even once? No, even I can tell. At this rate,
everyone will die!”
“But… but still…”
75 | P a g e

Sword Art Online Vol. 15 – Alicization Invading
Chapter 15 - In Northern Lands

Gasupht stammered with a bitter expression. His moustache, stained with white,
quivered slightly and his sight wandered futilely through empty space.
Taking the place of the village chief who went speechless, Nygr Barbossa erupted
once more in anger.
“This is no place for a child to meddle!! We will protect this village!!”
His two bloodshot eyes stared at the Barbossas’ mansion built near the plaza. What
was on Nygr’s mind was unmistakably the mass of wheat just harvested in autumn
and the gold coins hoarded over many years.
Returning his sight towards Alice and Selka, the farmer, naturally enough, yelled
out shrilly.
“Yes… yes, I’ve got it! You are the one who invited those beasts from the land of
darkness to this village, aren’t you, Alice?!! You were defiled by the darkness’s
power when you crossed the mountain range at the edge in the past!! You witch…
this girl must be a terrible witch!!”
Alice lost her words, jabbed by that fat finger. The clamor from the villagers, the
clashes between weapons resounding from the defense line, and the war cries from
the monsters closing in from the north all felt far away.
Since she began living in the village’s outskirts, Alice had countlessly fell the forest’s
gigantic trees on Nygr’s request. This man had practically writhed to thank her each
time. And yet, he could still spew those words as his family’s fortunes occupied his
entire time; how could—
Alice averted her eye from the middle-aged man with an expression much like the
evil countenance of the orcs and murmured inside.
—How about you deal with it on your own?
—I will simply do as I like. I will take Selka, the elderly Garitta, my parents, and
Kirito away from this village and search for a new home somewhere far away.
She grinded her teeth audibly; she lowered her eyelids.
76 | P a g e

Sword Art Online Vol. 15 – Alicization Invading
Chapter 15 - In Northern Lands

Her stream of thoughts put forth an opposing view.
—But the foolishness Nygr Barbossa and the other villagers displays was created by
the rule by the Axiom Church over hundreds of years.
The masses were bound by countless principles and laws under the Taboo Index
and while they were granted a tepid peace, something important was steadily stolen
from them.
That would be their ability to think, and to fight.
Where had that imperceptible power, plundered from the masses over endless years
and months, accumulated?
Within the integrity knights who numbered merely thirty-one.
After she took in a deep breath and let it out, the force Alice’s left eye flashed open
with practically made a noise.
Nygr’s face abruptly turned pale, as if from fright, in her sight.
In contrast, Alice felt a mysterious energy overflowing from within. A power like a
flame burning blue-white, quiet yet hotter than all other. The power that she
thought lost at the end of that battle on the cathedral’s highest floor—one that led
Kirito, Eugeo, and Alice to face off the Human World’s mightiest ruler.
Alice took in a deep breath and announced.
“…I will revoke Guard Chief Jink’s order. I shall have every villager gathered in this
plaza retreat to the southern forest with those bearing arms at in front.”
Her tone was gentle, but Nygr’s upper body bent back as though hit by some unseen
hand. Nonetheless, one could still say his courage was admirable with how he still
replied in a quivering tone.
“By… by what right can a girl who was drove away-”
“The authority of a knight.”

77 | P a g e

Sword Art Online Vol. 15 – Alicization Invading
Chapter 15 - In Northern Lands

“Wha… what knight!? This village has no such sacred task! Even if you can swinging
a sword around a little, do you know what will happen should the esteemed knights
in the capital hear about you just claiming to be one…?”
Alice gave Nygr, frothing as he continued screaming, a firm look as she gripped her
overcoat at her right shoulder with her left hand.
“I am… My name is Alice. Third among the Axiom Church’s integrity knights,
overseeing the Centoria City Region, Alice Synthesis Thirty!!”
She tore the overcoat from herself as she loudly announced her name.
The moment the thick cloth her entire frame was clad in was taken off, her golden
armor and Fragrant Olive Sword gleamed brightly as they reflected the blazing
flames.
“Wha… an, an i-integrity knight…!?”
Nygr fell on his rear while looking upwards as a voice, now completely shrill, leaked
from him. Gasupht’s eyes opened wide as well.
Alice’s proclamation of her name could not have been a lie. After all, there could not
be any in this world who could pass themselves off as an integrity knight—none
who could disobey the authority of the Axiom Church. Kirito and Alice were
probably the only two capable of doing so, but it was not as if Alice abandoned her
sword, the proof of her knighthood, even after escaping here from the central
capital.
The villagers making a din around, too, fell silent. The swords clashing at the
defense line in the north as well as the war cries of the guards and goblins, too, felt
far away.
What broke that silence first was a whisper from Selka.
“Big… sister…?”
Turning her left eye towards her little sister who had her two hands grasped
together before her chest, Alice smiled gently.
78 | P a g e

Sword Art Online Vol. 15 – Alicization Invading
Chapter 15 - In Northern Lands

“I am sorry for keeping it from you all this time, Selka. This is the real punishment
given to me. And—my real duty.”
Tear droplets appeared from Selka’s eyes upon hearing those words.
“Big sister… I…. I always believed in you. That you were never a criminal. You are
beautiful… so, very…”
The next to act was Gasupht.
Kneeling down on the stone paving with a firm noise, the village chief shouted with
a strained voice while looking downwards.
“Your will shall be done, esteemed integrity knight!!”
Quickly getting up, he turned back to the villagers behind and issued clear
instructions.
“Everyone, stand!! Those bearing arms shall lead the way, run to the south gate!!
Once you are out of the village, escape to the forest south of the cleared land!!”
An uneasy stir ran through the villagers standing stiffly. But that, too, lasted but a
brief moment. The villagers had no option to resist orders from the village chief in
the first place; all the more so when it was the will of an integrity knight.
The muscular peasants fortifying the surrounding stood up and urged the women,
children, and elderly to stand as well. Alice called to Gasupht who joined in at the
head of the pack to stop and spoke in a hushed voice.
“Father, please take care of everyone… of Selka and mother.”
Gasupht’s stern expression quavered for a mere instant and he gave a terse reply.
“……Do take care of yourself too, esteemed knight.”
This father would likely never ever call Alice his daughter again. That, too, was part
of her payment for the power she was granted. Carving that into her heart, Alice
pushed Selka’s back and made her go along with Gasupht.
“Big sister… don’t work yourself too hard, please.”
79 | P a g e

Sword Art Online Vol. 15 – Alicization Invading
Chapter 15 - In Northern Lands

Alice smiled as she nodded to her little sister whose eyes were still watery, and then
turned towards the north. The villagers moved off as one behind her.
“Ah… aah… m-my mansion…”
That pathetic moan came from Nygr Barbossa whose rear was still on the ground.
His gaze flickered between the villagers running off and his mansion where the
flames were closing in towards. Deciding to leave him alone, she focused on the
overall state of the village.
She did succeed in setting the villagers into action, but they still numbered three
hundred. It would take time for them all to escape from the village. But the defense
line was reaching the end of its rope and besides, the enemy’s footsteps approached
from the east and west too.
A young man’s shout, much like a scream, rang out from the north side of the plaza
then.
“We can’t hold on any longer! Retreat! Retrea—at!!”
The voice belonged to Guard Chief Jink. Nygr stood up upon hearing that, as
though revitalized, and flared up Alice.
“Look… just look at that! We should have stayed in the plaza and defended! We will
get killed! They will murder all of uss!!”
Alice shrugged her shoulder and refuted calmly.
“No need to worry; there is all this space. I will hold them back here.”
“As if you can! You can’t possibly do it, not a chance! Even if… even if you are really
an integrity knight, what can you do alone against so many of those demons?!!”
Nygr still continued crying out despite the goblins’ horrifying silhouettes already
pressing in from the east and west. Ignoring him yet again, Alice glanced behind.
The last of the villagers were still in the plaza, though enough of a distance from
Alice and the rest in the center.

80 | P a g e

Sword Art Online Vol. 15 – Alicization Invading
Chapter 15 - In Northern Lands

Alice gripped Nygr firmly from his nape and pushed him towards the south. That
hand thrust straight into the night sky and she called her beloved dragon’s name
out loud.
“Amayori!”
A mighty roar immediately returned from the skies. Swinging her raised right hand
down from the west to the east, she then shouted.
“—Burn them to ashes!!”
The noise of flapping wings poured down like a storm and Nygr, standing still,
along with the grotesque demi-humans charging into the plaza—the goblins—
looked straight up at the same time.
The gigantic flying dragon diving through the skies, dyed red by flames, opened its
jaw wide. A bluish-white gleam flickered from deep in its throat—
Shubaa!!
That resounded as a glaring light came forth. The heat ray that made contact with
the west streets mowed down the east streets as well, cutting through before Alice
and Barbossa’s eyes as they stood on the southern side of the plaza.
Time stopped briefly.
Terrible flames swelled up along a line and freed themselves into the night skies.
The goblins swallowed up were blasted up high with shrill screams.
The heat ray that instantaneously slaughtered over twenty of the aggressors while
vaporizing the fountain in the middle of the plaza and thick white smoke rolled out
into the surroundings. Amayori flew off, skimming atop it, and Alice called out
instructions to standby before glancing her eye behind.
Nygr collapsed back onto the stove paving, perhaps due to the strength in his waist
leaving him, with his two eyes peeled.
“Wha… whaa… a…. a, a d-dragon…!?”
81 | P a g e

Sword Art Online Vol. 15 – Alicization Invading
Chapter 15 - In Northern Lands

Alice was wondering what happened to the middle-aged man whose slackened
cheeks went into spasm before desperate footsteps approached from beyond the
hanging steam. The ones who appeared, all clad in leather armor, were the men
from Rulid’s guard corps. The decision to beat a hasty retreat was a good call as
their condition showed; despite suffering slight wounds, none were hurt badly
among the several tens of guards.

82 | P a g e

Sword Art Online Vol. 15 – Alicization Invading
Chapter 15 - In Northern Lands

A young man with a large frame who admirably ran at their end—Guard Chief
Jink—noticed the plaza was mostly empty and shouted with a shocked face.
“W-Where have everyone from the village went!? Didn’t I tell them to fortify their
defenses here!?”
“I had them retreat to the southern forest.”
Alice answered and he blinked as though just noticing her existence. His sight
shifted between her head and feet countless time as he spoke, dumbfounded.
“You… Alice…? Why are you…?”
“There is no time to explain. Is this all of the guards? Are there any left behind?”
“Ah… yes, I believe so…”
“Then please escape along with everyone. Aah, and take Barbossa there with you.”
“B-But… they are right behind……”
Before his words finished—
“Gihii——!!”
A vulgar roar rang through the entire plaza.
“Wheree!! Where did you go, white iumss!!”
The ones who broke through the thick fog as they rushed into the plaza were
goblins clad in coarse plate armor with long feathers on their heads, holding
machetes similar to lumps of metal in their right hands. These seemed of a different
tribe, having a slightly better physique when compared to those who appeared from
the side streets earlier and were incinerated by Amayori’s flames.
Alice stared at the demi-humans as she placed her right hand on her cherished
sword’s grip. Flying dragons could not fire their heat rays in succession. Alice had
to face the enemy on her own until Amayori stockpiled the thermal elements within
herself again.
84 | P a g e

Sword Art Online Vol. 15 – Alicization Invading
Chapter 15 - In Northern Lands

One of the goblins noticed Alice who was clad in golden armor, and the colors of
bloodthirstiness and lust welled up in his eyes shining golden as he cried out.
“Gihii!! A ium giirl! Kill heer! Kill her and eat heer!!”
Quietly taking on the demi-human who charged straight towards her while
brandishing a machete with his abnormally long arm, Alice murmured deep in her
chest.
—What a terrible power I was given. My very existence is practically a sin.
This body of an integrity knight.
“Gyaa——!!”
The heavy machete swung down as he leapt and was caught by Alice who carelessly
extended her left hand. Though she felt an immense impact through her naked
palm, it neither broke her bones nor tore her skin. Gripping the blunt blade with
her five fingers, she crushed it as though it was nothing more than thin ice.
Even before the metallic fragments, broken and scattered far too easily, fell to the
ground, the Fragrant Olive Sword was already drawn by her right hand and tore a
horizontal line through the goblin’s torso.
The bright golden air from the sword swept in three goblins approaching from
behind and blew away the cluster of dense vapor as well in no time at all. The four
enemy soldiers’ golden eyeballs were peeled open, as though unaware of what had
occurred, while their upper body left their lower body before they could let out a
single word, collapsing haphazardly onto the ground.
Avoiding the blood that shot up a moment later, she muttered to herself within
once more.
—Highest Minister Administrator. You were wrong, after all.
—You collected all this power into merely thirty integrity knights and made them
puppets without a will of their own. You thought to grasp all of the power that
should had been split between the masses of the Human World through that.
85 | P a g e

Sword Art Online Vol. 15 – Alicization Invading
Chapter 15 - In Northern Lands

However, this far too ill-distributed strength served only to delude and mislead
both its owners and those around them. Like how you were swallowed by that
overwhelming might and lost your humanity…
That mistake was now beyond redemption with the loss of the highest minister.
Thus, at the very least, she had to expend every last drop of this strength for the
masses.
Not as an integrity knight of the Axiom Church, but as a single swordswoman; she
had to think on her own and fight on her own will. Like how those two brave
swordsmen did.
Her left eye was shut throughout that swing; Alice opened it with resolve.
At the same time, the defense line hastily built at the plaza’s north was smashed
into small pieces from the other side.
The invaders’ main unit charged in as though to bury the wide main streets. The
goblins numbered over fifty and were accompanied, though in lesser numbers, by
orcs whose giant, plump frames were covered in thick iron armor, each with a
trident in a hand.
Upon seeing them whose golden eyes gleamed, aflame, and roars filled with hate
and desire, moans of despair leaked from Jink, the other guards, and Nygr
Barbossa.
But Alice’s heart was at ease.
She relied not on the talent for battle she obtained as an integrity knight. Not even a
knight could escape with light wounds if they were to surround by such numbers
and stabbed by their spears.
What gave Alice strength was a new realization.
—I will fight for what I, myself, seek for from now on. I will fight to protect my little
sister and my parents, along with the people of the Human World who Kirito and
Eugeo hoped to protect.
86 | P a g e

Sword Art Online Vol. 15 – Alicization Invading
Chapter 15 - In Northern Lands

Alice vividly felt the remaining doubts about herself and her sense of futility
disappear into a white light deep in her heart. That light surged through her, finally
accumulating at her right eye, covered by that black patch, and generating an
intense heat.
“………!”
She clenched her teeth as she withstood a fierce pain that shot to her eye socket
from the back of her head. But that pain somehow nostalgic, or heartrending. Alice
gripped the bandage across her head with her left hand and took it off all at once.
Her right eyelid that had been closed since that day nearly half a year ago opened
slowly. A red light expanded from the center of her dark vision and eventually
turned into flicking flames. Visions of houses lit aflame overlapped and gradually
closed in on each other—finally finishing as one.
Alice looked at the black cloth held in her left hand with both eyes.
Kirito made the eye patch, discolored from being washed many times, by tearing it
from his clothes. The cloth that protected her for months ever since her right eye
shot away along with that seal might have finally reached the end of its Life here as
it began to disappear from its edges as melting into the air. Alice came to a
realization while staring at that fleeting, beautiful sight.
She thought she was looking after Kirito who had lost his right arm and heart
through this half-year. However, she was actually the one protected instead.
“…Thank you, Kirito.”
Pressing the black cloth to her lips immediately before it utterly vanished, she
whispered softly.
“…I am fine now. I will likely still be at a loss, worry, and lose heart in the future…
but I will go on. For us both to achieve our goal.”
Her head flipped up just as the cloth disintegrated.

87 | P a g e

Sword Art Online Vol. 15 – Alicization Invading
Chapter 15 - In Northern Lands

Her two eyes gazed at the distinct sight of nearly a hundred goblins and orcs letting
out a multitude of roars as they flooded forward. The fleeing footsteps from the
guards and Nygr Barbossa echoed from behind.
There was no fear in Alice’s heart as she faced the enemy army on her own.
Breathing the burnt stench deeply, she yelled.
“—I am a knight of the Human World, Alice!! None of the blood or slaughter you
seek shall happen while I stand here!! Return to your land through the caves you
came from this instant!!”
As though awed by her refined, distinct shout, the goblins running at the head
slackened slightly. However, a large orc in the middle of the group, possibly the
general, immediately brandished his two-handed axe with a brutal roar.
“Graaahh!! «Cut-Feet Moricca» here will have that one little white ium girl on her
knees before long!!”
The voice gave strength to the goblins. Alice put a decent amount of distance
between her and the enemy army charging in as a massive black wave—
“Amayori!”
A huge shadow rapidly dived from the skies the moment she called out that name.
Though the thermal elements accumulated were not enough for firing the heat ray
yet, the flying dragon intimidated the demi-humans with her body and thunderous
call while savagely skimming past their heads. The anxiety of the astonished enemy
army rose beyond earlier.
Not letting that chance escape, Alice raised the Fragrant Olive Sword held in her
right up high and shouted.
“—Enhance armament!!”
It was half a year since she last chanted those words of the «armament full control
art», not to mention how she shortened the main body of the art, but Alice’s
beloved sword responded to her will. The golden blade divided into countless small
88 | P a g e

Sword Art Online Vol. 15 – Alicization Invading
Chapter 15 - In Northern Lands

edges with a clear metallic noise and soared into the night sky while reflecting the
fires’ glow.
“Rage—flowers!”
The golden storm of flowers fell upon the enemy army with numerous zaas.
The first to be wrapped in a spray of blood was the orc general who called himself
Moricca. His entire body was stabbed through by many petals, instantly robbing
him of his Life, and he fell onto the ground with a tremor. The orcs around him,
too, bent down onto the ground with screams one after another.
The Fragrant Olive Sword was a sacred tool among sacred tools with the world’s
oldest tree rooted to the core of the Human World before the world began as its
source. As its alternate name, «Eternal Immortality», implied, even when divided
into hundreds of flower petals through its armament full control art, each held a
priority on par with famous swords forged by artisans. Coarse cast iron armor could
not possibly defend against them.
The invaders became restless at losing their main force, including their general, in
an instant. The charge’s momentum weakened before long and came to a stop
around ten mel from the plaza.
Alice sharply swung her right hand that held her sword’s grip at the goblins lined
up at the front, lost at whether to obey their greed or fear. The hundreds of petals
danced through the air with light zaas, forming dense vertical stripes between Alice
and the enemy army.
Alice gave a subdued proclamation while gazing at the demi-humans through the
fence gleaming golden.
“This is the wall dividing the Human World and the Land of Darkness. Even if you
dig through the caves, you will not defile this earth as long as we knights live.
Choose—to advance and fall into a sea of blood, or to retreat and flee back to the
Land of Darkness!!”

89 | P a g e

Sword Art Online Vol. 15 – Alicization Invading
Chapter 15 - In Northern Lands

Not even five seconds passed before the goblin vanguards turned back with great
force.
3
A vibrant ensemble of hammers whirled up into the clear, blue winter sky.
Alice lifted her hand to her brow and looked at circular Rulid Village towering
beyond the wheat fields.
Today marked a quick one week since the army of darkness’s assault.
Many of the houses built in the north of the village were burnt down, but with the
village chief’s decision to put nearly every villager’s sacred task on hold to work on
that, the progress of their reconstruction was rapid. Twenty-one of them had
unfortunately escaped too late and lost their lives, and a joint funeral service was
held for them at the church three days earlier.
After attending the service as she was requested to, Alice rode her flying dragon to
the northern cave to confirm its status.
The long cave that should had been collapsed on Bercouli’s orders was dug out to
such an extent that even the orcs’ giant frames could easily pass through and the
area closest to the Dark Territory showed signs they camped over many nights.
The attackers did not hollow out the cave in a single night. They must have
repeatedly collapsed the entrance after sending into a party of combat engineers
from the Dark Territory. Thus, there would have already been a concealed group of
goblins within, steadily working at it, when Integrity Knight Eldrie checked the
entrance.
Care and wariness unbelievable from the goblins and orcs of old. This invasion
could be surmised to be no mere reconnaissance, like those done many times
before, by that alone.
Instead of collapsing the cave once again, Alice dammed the small river flowing
from middle which previously served as a white dragon’s nest for a time and
90 | P a g e

Sword Art Online Vol. 15 – Alicization Invading
Chapter 15 - In Northern Lands

completely flooded the interior of the cave. Next unleashing the countless cryogenic
elements she generated beforehand, she sealed the cave with ice rather than stone.
Now, no one could pass the cave without an art user on par with Alice generating
thermal elements to melt the ice.
Taking her sight off Rulid Village and the white mountain range at the edge rising
beyond it, Alice fastened the last bag of her belongings to Amayori’s left leg.
“Erm… big sister.”
Selka, who had been helping out with her preparations for departure with an
adamant smile so far, opened her mouth while looking downwards.
“…Father actually wanted to see you off too. He was all absent-minded since today
morning, you know? …I believe he must have been glad inside that you came back,
big sister. I want you to believe in that at least.”
“I know, Selka.”
Alice hugged her little sister’s petite body and whispered in return.
“I left this village as a heinous criminal and returned as an integrity knight. But
next time… when I am done with all my duties, I will be back as simply Alice
Schuberg. That would be when I truly can say this. I am back, father.”
“…Okay. That day will come for sure, right?”
Selka murmured with a watery voice, raised her face, and then wiped it with the
cuff of her apprentice clothes.
Turning about, she called out to the black-haired young man sitting on a wheelchair
by the side with as cheery a voice as she could muster.
“You stay well too, Kirito. Hurry up and recover and help big sister out, you hear
me?”
Holding his lowered head with both hands, the sister, young in terms of age, drew a
charm of blessing before she took several steps back.
91 | P a g e

Sword Art Online Vol. 15 – Alicization Invading
Chapter 15 - In Northern Lands

Alice approached Kirito, then gently took the two swords from under his arm and
stored them in the bag placed on the saddle on Amayori. Following that, she lifted
Kirito, who had grown thin, easily and sat him down on the front part of the saddle.
She did ponder leaving Kirito in the village under Selka’s care. After all, if they were
to proceed to the Great East Gate which would likely become the decisive
battlegrounds against the forces of darkness, Alice would be occupied as a member
of the Human World Defense Army and unable to attend to Kirito throughout the
day like what she had been doing.
But still, she decided to bring him along.
Kirito definitely tried to take up his sword and head for the village on the night of
the attack a week ago. The will to fight for another still remained within Kirito.
Thus, the battlegrounds to protect the Human World could be where best to find
the means to regain his former spirit.
Should the need arise, she would protect him even if it required her to strap him to
her back with leather.
Alice gave her little sister whom she held dear one last firm embrace.
“…I will be going, then, Selka.”
“Yes. Take care… and be sure to come back, big sister.”
“I promise. …Please give my regards to Garitta-san too. …Stay well and focus on
your studies.”
“I know. I’ll become a fine sister for sure… and one day, I’ll also…”
Selka trailed off there and showed a disheveled, tearful smile.
Gently stroking her little sister’s head before releasing her, Alice endured her
reluctance to leave as she walked to her beloved dragon and rode immediately
behind where Kirito sat on the saddle.
She nodded to her little sister on the ground and faced the blue skies.
92 | P a g e

Sword Art Online Vol. 15 – Alicization Invading
Chapter 15 - In Northern Lands

The reins lightly rang out and the dragon began her ground run between the wheat
fields with strength that showed no sign of the two humans and three swords
weighing her down.
She would definitely return to this village one day.
Even if she were to fall on the battlefield, her spirit would still return; it surely
would.
Alice shook off a drop of tear in her eyelashes and yelled out in a crisp voice.
“…Hah!”
Softly.
The sensation of floating came as they left the ground.
Having grasped an updraft, Amayori circled as she dashed into the sky.
The vast fields and forests; Rulid Village in their middle with a brand new roof
gleaming at its core; Selka waving both hands as she earnestly ran; she burnt the
sight of them all into her eyelids—
Alice had the flying dragon turn its head towards the eastern skies.

93 | P a g e

Sword Art Online Vol. 15 – Alicization Invading
Chapter 16 - Ocean Turtle Raid

Chapter 16
Ocean Turtle Raid
July AD 2026
1
The many events that conspired in these two hours were beyond the expectations of
even the self-proclaimed genius of the finest caliber, Higa Takeru.
However, the developments before Higa‟s eyes this moment surprised him far more
than any of those earlier.
A delicate girl of approximately eighteen or nineteen held up a man who had fifteen
centimeters on her by the nape of his neck with her slender right arm. His gaudypatterned Hawaiian shirt was strained to the edge of tearing and the heels of his
sandals were off the ground.
Staring at Lieutenant Colonel Kikuoka Seijirou with her two blazing eyes, Yuuki
Asuna shot off words, sharp as blades, from those lovely lips.
“I will never forgive you if Kirito-kun remains unconscious.”
Higa could not see Kikuoka‟s expression beyond his black-rimmed glasses gleaming
from the lights from the ceiling. However, the Self-Defense Force executive who
should have black belts in both judo and kendo seemed overpowered by Asuna‟s
words, gulping with his hands raised to each side of his face in surrender.
“I understand. I will make it my responsibility to ensure Kirito‟s recovery.”
The dim sub control room was immersed in still silence.
No one could say a word: not Higa sitting on the chair before the console, or
Koujirou Rinko standing beside him, or the various staff members from Rath still in
the room. That was how overwhelming the aura let out from the girl, the youngest
person in this place, was. I see, she was a «survivor» who returned from a real
battlefield, wasn‟t she; Higa thought so in a corner of his mind.

94 | P a g e

Sword Art Online Vol. 15 – Alicization Invading
Chapter 16 - Ocean Turtle Raid

Asuna eventually opened up her right hand without saying anything. Released,
Kikuoka took in a deep breath, almost ready to collapse onto the floor, while Asuna
stumbled backwards. Rinko‟s lab coat fluttered out as she immediately supported
her back.
The female physicist, who Higa treated as his senior from that seminar, held Asuna
tight in her chest covered by the lab coat and whispered in a firm tone.
“Don‟t worry. He will be okay. He will come back for sure, back to your side.”
Asuna‟s expression, as tense as it could be, crumpled upon hearing that.
“……Yes, he will, won‟t he? I apologize… for losing myself there.”
Rinko gently wiped away with her fingers the tears from Asuna‟s eyes that were
utterly absent even throughout the assault.
The air that had finally loosened somewhat drew tight once more with the noise as
the sliding door was opened manually. The one who rushed in was Lieutenant
Nakanishi.
With his white dress shirt stained with sweat and dust, and a large pistol peeking
from his shoulder holster, Nakanishi glanced across Rinko and the rest before
directing his words towards Kikuoka standing behind.
“Status report! We have confirmed the lockdown of pressure-resistant barrier walls
number one and two as well as the evacuation of civilians to the bow block!”
Kikuoka straightened his Hawaiian shirt‟s collar before stepping forward and
nodded.
“Good work. How long do the barrier walls look like they will hold?”
“Yes… it depends on their equipment, but it will stand up to small arms. It will take
eight hours at least even with a tool like a chip saw. Explosives could break
through… but it is doubtful they will resort to those. The central barrier wall is right
next to the…”
“The light cube cluster, huh.”
95 | P a g e

Sword Art Online Vol. 15 – Alicization Invading
Chapter 16 - Ocean Turtle Raid

Ending his words for him, Kikuoka pushed up the bridge of his spectacles as he
sank into a short silence.
He raised his face before long, however, and scanned through the tight subcon
space.
“Right, let‟s put things in order. Lieutenant Nakanishi, the status on our human
causalities, please.”
“Yes. Three researchers from the civilian project team with minor injuries are
undergoing treatment in the prow‟s sickbay. Among our combatants, there are two
with heavy injuries and two with light injuries. They are likewise undergoing
treatment, but their injuries appear to be non-fatal. Including the two with light
injuries, we have six able to fight.”
“It‟s a stroke of luck having no fatalities despite all those shots fired… Next, the
status on the hull‟s damage.”
“The operation room in the dock at the bottom of the ship is filled with holes.
Remote control of its access is likely impossible. Likewise for the route from the
dock to main control, but these are, well, mere scratches. What matters is the break
in the electrical line… there is a stable supply of electricity from the auxiliary line,
but the propeller will not spin unless we restart the control system.”
“A sea turtle without its fins, huh. And with a shark snapping at its belly, at that.”
“Yes. Blocks one to twelve of the lower shaft were all occupied along with the ship‟s
bottom dock.”
Vexed, Nakanishi spoke with his brows knitted under his shortcut on his features
that spoke of his fortitude. In contrast, Kikuoka combed up his fringe with a slight
resemblance to that of a teacher and placed himself on the console by the side
before wriggling his geta with his toes.
“So they took everything: the main control room, the first STL room, and even the
nuclear reactor, huh. …So the silver lining‟s how their aim isn‟t to destroy.”
“Hah… it isn‟t?”
96 | P a g e

Sword Art Online Vol. 15 – Alicization Invading
Chapter 16 - Ocean Turtle Raid

“They wouldn‟t need such a grand operation to break in with a submarine if they
just wanted to sink us; a cruise missile or torpedo would suffice. So the question
here is who exactly they are, instead… Higa-kun, any thoughts?”
With his name brought up without warning, Higa blinked several times, and then
somehow restarted his mind still reeling with lingering shock.
“Aah, right, well.”
Turning back to the console while joining those meaningless groans, he operated
the mouse with his right hand and called out the recordings from the onboard
observation cameras onto the front large monitor.
The opened video window was dim and blurred, but upon pausing it at a random
spot, he adjusted its brightness and contrast. What showed up were several
silhouettes slouching as they moved through the passage on-board. They were
dressed in entirely black combat suits with a helmet and multi-purpose goggles
worn on the upper half of their faces and imposing assault rifles in their hands.
“…So, well, as you can see, there aren‟t any marks indicating their nationality on
their heads or bodies. Guess the color and form of those equipment aren‟t from any
regular army either. Their rifles look like they‟re from Steyr, but there are plenty of
those, so… all I can really say is that they probably aren‟t Asian, judging from their
average figure.”
“In other words, that‟s not a special unit belonging to our nation at least. How
delightful.”
Kikuoka scratched his chin and voiced out those disturbing words. A sharp glint
shone in his usually calm and narrowed eyes as they looked up towards the large
monitor.
“And we know one more thing. …These people are aware of the existence of Project
Alicization.”
Higa nodded with that pointed out.

97 | P a g e

Sword Art Online Vol. 15 – Alicization Invading
Chapter 16 - Ocean Turtle Raid

“Well, guess they would. They did break in from the ship‟s bottom dock and charge
straight up to the main control room without any detours and all. So that would
make their aim probably the theft of the STL technology… no, the true bottom-up
artificial intelligence, «A. L. I. C. E.».”
Which implies a major information leak over a long period of time. But Higa
refrained from voicing that out and held back his urge to check on the expressions
on the staff members of Rath in the sub control room as he continued in an
optimistic tone.
“Luckily, we locked up the main control room in the nick of time. It‟ll be harder to
manipulate the Underworld directly with that lock on than even with the console
smashed. They won‟t be fiddling with the simulation or ejecting the light cube with
«Alice»‟s fluct light.”
“But the same applies to us, doesn‟t it?”
“Yep, yep. There‟s no running with admin rights here at this subcon either. Neither
the main nor sub will be able to eject «Alice»‟s light cube externally. …But Kikuokasan, ain‟t that the same as our win? Those guys won‟t be getting access to the cluster
both physically and digitally, so they‟re right where we want when reinforcement
from the escort Aegis ship rushes in here.”
“I fail to see how they are where we want them to be… but there lies the problem.”
Kikuoka‟s stiff expression remained as he questioned Nakanishi.
“How is it, can «Nagato» move?”
“Well… on that issue…”
Nakanishi forced his brawny mouth into giving the answer.
“Nagato was ordered to stay its position by the fleet command in Yokosuka. It
appears command had judged that we were taken hostage by the attackers.”
“Wha……”
Higa‟s lower jaw dropped.
98 | P a g e

Sword Art Online Vol. 15 – Alicization Invading
Chapter 16 - Ocean Turtle Raid

“What hostages, weren‟t all of the crew evacuated to this side of the pressureresistant barrier walls!?”
A composed reply came from Kikuoka.
“Those men dressed in black must have a connection to the ones above the SelfDefense Force. It was eight in the morning today when Nagato separated from the
Ocean Turtle, a whole six hours before their raid. The order for Nagato to break in
will likely only come after they secure «Alice»‟s light cube. Naturally, they would
have a time limit, but…”
“So that means those guys aren‟t just a bunch of terrorists, huh. This isn‟t good…
they might notice if they have a specialist with them. That alternate way of
retrieving Alice…”
“Acting from within the Underworld, you mean…? They did seize the first STL room
and it is possible to execute the ejection procedure from the virtual console set up
in the Underworld too…”
“What will happen if that‟s done?”
Higa gestured as he replied to Koujiro Rinko‟s query.
“A target cube will be extracted from the light cube cluster in the exact middle of
the main shaft and be brought to either control room through the air tubes. That‟s
where the exit is when extracting it.”
After pointing at a rectangular hatch located at a corner of the console desk, he
turned his sight towards the door installed deeper in the room.
A small metal plate was screwed into the door made from aluminum alloy. The
words carved into it were, “Second STL Room”.
Beyond that door were two STL—«Soul TransLators». A young man lay in one,
watched over by Aki Natsuki, a nurse and a Sergeant first class. Playing a major role
since the start of Project Alicization, he, Kirigaya Kazuto, now even had the
capability to chart its course.
Turning back, Kikuoka spoke in a serious tone with his arms crossed.
99 | P a g e

Sword Art Online Vol. 15 – Alicization Invading
Chapter 16 - Ocean Turtle Raid

“So our final hope will be in his hands yet again. Higa-kun… what can you say about
it, in what state is Kirito-kun?”
Higa turned to look upon hearing faint breaths and his eyes met with Yuuki
Asuna‟s, staring straight towards him while supported by Rinko.
He was at a loss at how to explain the current situation before the girl, apparently
the girlfriend of Kirito, Kirigaya Kazuto. However, a scratchy yet firm voice
immediately reached Higa‟s ears.
“I am fine. Please tell me the truth.”
Higa nodded after taking in a deep breath and letting it out.
“In a nutshell… he‟s just a step away from the very worst he could go, yep… yes.”
Speaking while correcting his tone, Higa moved the mouse once again.
Wiping away the photo of the attackers, he opened another window. What was
shown there was a gently wavering three-dimensional rainbow-colored graph.
“This is a visualization of Kirito-kun‟s fluct light.”
The whole room stared silently at the screen.
“He was injected with a muscle relaxant in Tokyo a week before and fell into
cardiopulmonary arrest. Fortunately, he held on to his life, but a part of his brain
was hurt… that was the fluct light network, to be specific. Though the damage
would be difficult to treat with existing neurology, there was a chance for recovery
by utilizing STL technology. Thus, in order to stimulate the creation of a new
network, we attempted the usage of the STL without its limiter to activate Kiritokun‟s fluct light.”
Catching his breath, he picked up a bottle of mineral water and rehydrated himself,
parched from the unfamiliar style of speaking.
“It was crucial for him to dive into the Underworld in order to carry out this
treatment. After all, the treatment will bear no results unless his fluct light was
active like in reality. As such, like when we had him dive from Rath‟s branch office
100 | P a g e

Sword Art Online Vol. 15 – Alicization Invading
Chapter 16 - Ocean Turtle Raid

in Roppongi, we sealed off Kirito‟s memories and unloaded him into a remote
region in the Underworld… or at least, we should have. However, though we still do
not know exactly why, his memories were not sealed off, probably due to the
damage to his fluct light. Kirito-kun was thrown into the Underworld as the real
Kirigaya Kazuto-kun. We only found out earlier when we received communication
from him inside, but…”
“Wait… wait a moment.”
Rinko was the one who interjected.
“Then Kirigaya-kun has been spending all that time in the accelerated Underworld
as himself? How many months… have passed inside…?”
“…Roughly two and a half years.”
Asuna, propped up by Rinko, trembled the moment Higa answered so. It must have
been a shock to her, but he believed in her earlier words and continued his
explanation.
“Kirito-kun went into contact with the artificial fluct lights of that world for that
much time. Probably while knowing those fluct lights will be erased upon the end of
the current simulation… That must be why he aimed for the communication
console with the real world set up at the heart of the Underworld where the first
village was once formed. To request that you preserve all of those fluct lights, Kikusan.”
Taking a glance to his side, he saw Kikuoka staring at the three-dimensional graph
with the light from the screen reflecting off his glasses. He turned back to Rinko
and Asuna.
“…He must have gone through a lot. The communication console was taken into the
headquarters for the ruling organization, the «Axiom Church», after all. The fluct
lights belonging to the church have overwhelming statuses and not at a level Kiritokun could go against as a normal inhabitant. He would have normally «died»
immediately after trespassing into the church and been logged out from the
Underworld… —But he made it. I couldn‟t confirm the details in the log since we
were under attack, but it seemed he had several people helping who were of course,
101 | P a g e

Sword Art Online Vol. 15 – Alicization Invading
Chapter 16 - Ocean Turtle Raid

artificial fluct lights, but… in any case, it appeared he had comrades. Most of them
died in the battle against the church and as a result, he was suffering badly from
self-condemnation when he succeeded in opening that connection to us. To put it in
another way, he was attacking his own fluct light. It was at precisely that moment
when those guys dressed in black cut the electrical line and made the STL‟s output
increase for an instant due to the electric current surge from that short. In the end,
Kirito-kun‟s self-harming urges became reality… and his «sense of self» went into
stasis…”
“His sense of self… went into stasis? What does that mean?”
Higa turned back to the console at Rinko‟s question.
“…Take a look at thiss.”
Nimbly tapping on the keyboard, he expanded the image displaying Kirigaya
Kazuto‟s fluct light activity in real time.
In the core of the irregularly wavering rainbow cloud was a small space of blank
darkness, hovering like a dark nebula.
“Unlike the artificial fluct lights in the light cubes, we have yet to fully analyze a
living human‟s fluct light, but a good part of it has been mapped. What should have
originally been in this black hole is what would be the «core»… one‟s self-image.”
“Self-image… you mean one‟s perception of oneself?”
“Yes. It appears our decisions are guided through binary circuits, of yes or no,
going, „what would I do in this situation‟, in our fluct lights. For example, Rinkosenpai, have you ever ordered seconds in a beef bowl place?”
“…I haven‟t.”
“Even when you really think you still want to and could have another?”
“Yes.”
“And that‟s the processing result from the self-image circuits in you, Rinko-senpai.
Likewise, most decisions will not be realized unless they pass through those
102 | P a g e

Sword Art Online Vol. 15 – Alicization Invading
Chapter 16 - Ocean Turtle Raid

circuits. In Kirito-kun‟s case, his fluct light is mostly unhurt. However, as those
particular circuits are inactive, he can neither handle input from outside nor
produce output by his own will. All he can do now… is probably reflexive reactions
from his innate memories. On the scale of eating or sleeping.”
“Then… where does that put his consciousness?”
“…Unfortunately…”
Higa paused his words for a moment and continued with his eyes turned
downwards.
“He wouldn‟t know who he is or what he should do, unable to speak or do anything
by his own will… I would believe that would be his current state…”
Silence reigned over the dim space with its solitary rule yet again for the third time.

103 | P a g e

Sword Art Online Vol. 15 – Alicization Invading
Chapter 16 - Ocean Turtle Raid

2
“…Fu…”
The following syllable was erased by the clamor of sturdy combat boots striking the
steel plate on the wall.
It appeared putting two, three dents into the wall was insufficient in appeasing
Vassago Casals, a member of the assault team, as he stomped with all his strength
onto a confectionery pack dropped by some Rath researcher who was in this control
room tens of minutes ago before finally ceasing his torrent of expletives.
Combing up his slightly wavy black hair from his Hispanic blood, he clomped over
to the front of the console desk and held the man standing there by his collar with a
single hand.
“Say that one more time, you bastard.”
Hanging from Vassago‟s right arm, flexible as a whip, was a young man who
appeared overwhelming skinny in comparison. His blonde hair was cropped short
with his skin morbidly white.
Wearing rustic glasses with a metallic frame atop his scrawny cheeks, the man was
the only non-combatant in the team. His name was Critter, a hacker consultant
C
Y
O
P
from Glowgen Defense Systems‟ cyber operations department.
As though he was a network criminal with a record, his name was not his actual
name, but his handle. But the same likely applies to Vassago. Vassago is one of the
seventy-two demons recorded in the grimoire from the medieval times, “Goetia”,
said to be the prince of hell. Surely no parents would give their son such a name. He
was staff from the CYOP department as well, though his expertise lies in combat
rather than computers—in a full-dive environment, of course. Though his history
was as dubious as Critter‟s, the man excelled in VR battles.
In actual fact—
Aside from Gabriel Miller, the twelve on the Ocean Turtle assault team were all
dogs kept through the exchange of new personal references for their shady pasts.
104 | P a g e

Sword Art Online Vol. 15 – Alicization Invading
Chapter 16 - Ocean Turtle Raid

And Critter, one of those dogs, showed no sign of fright even when hoisted by
Vassago and audibly chewed on his gum while he replied.
“I will say it as many times as you want. This console is locked down harder than
dry shit and the laptop we brought in won‟t crack it even after you grow senile and
kick the bucket, geddit?”
“Not that, four-eyes! I‟m talking how you said it‟s our fault that it‟s locked with how
long we took to break in!!”
Exchanging harsh words in turn, Vassago let out curses from his foul mouth. His
wild good looks could land him a career as a model if he desperately put in the
effort, but that was just how menacing he would appear when enraged.
“Oh c‟mon, I‟m just pointing out the truth there, ya know?”
“Rich words coming from someone trembling in the back during the fight, you
bastard!”
The other members made no attempt to stop the quarrelling pair as they watched
them while sniggering. Spotting an apt time, Gabriel snapped his fingers and drew
the pair‟s attention.
“Okay, that‟s enough, the two of you. We don‟t have the time to push the blame. We
have to think about our next course of action.”
With that, Vassago who turned his head to look back pouted his lips like some child
and spoke.
“But bro, if we don‟t drill some discipline into this guy…”
Stop it with that «bro»; he held back those words. It seemed Vassago called Gabriel
bro in recognition of his strength during their one-versus-one VR combat training,
but he felt strange discomfort no matter how many times he heard it. Vague human
relationships grounded on mere emotions, be it friends or comrades, were beyond
his scope of understanding.
At any rate, he would be able to classify all of those human emotions in an orderly
manner with the information from the color and form of the «cloud of light» upon
105 | P a g e

Sword Art Online Vol. 15 – Alicization Invading
Chapter 16 - Ocean Turtle Raid

obtaining the technology to extract and preserve souls. With that in mind, Gabriel
adopted the tone of a leader and instructed the two.
“Listen here, Vassago, Critter. I am satisfied by the team‟s work thus far. We did
succeed in our first objective, occupying this control room with no casualties aside
from a scratch on Gary, after all.”
Upon hearing that, Vassago grudgingly release Critter‟s collar and placed his hands
on his waist.
“But bro, there‟s no point in that with the crucial control system locked. Our final
objective, that light cube cluster thing, is beyond that steel wall, right?”
“That is precisely why I said we should be thinking about how to break through that
wall.”
“That said, those guys from the JSDF aren‟t going to keep quiet forever, ya know? If
the pros from the Aegis ship escorting this slow turtle were to break in, we‟ll be on
the losing side with just us eleven plus that one extra guy.”
As expected as the one Gabriel chose as the vice-commander, Vassago grasped the
situation unlike some mere wild dog. Gabriel lightly shrugged his shoulders after
some thought.
“It appears our client had a deal with the top brass of the JSDF. The Aegis will not
make a move for the twenty-four hours from the start of the operation.”
“…Ooh.”
The thin whistling came from Critter. His pale-grey eyes narrowed beyond those
goggles-like glasses.
“That means this operation isn‟t some simple robbery… no, no, I suppose it‟ll be
wise to keep those words to myself, huh.”
“I am of the same mind.”
Nodding with a faint smile, Gabriel scanned through the team once more.

106 | P a g e

Sword Art Online Vol. 15 – Alicization Invading
Chapter 16 - Ocean Turtle Raid

“Right, let‟s confirm the situation. It is currently 14:47 JST with forty minutes
passed since we broke in. We are now in the Ocean Turtle‟s main control room.
Though we succeeded in occupying it as per our objective, we failed to secure the
researchers from Rath and the system here is locked down as well. Our next
objective would be to occupy the sub control room, but… Brig, can we cut through
the pressure-resistant barrier doors?”
The giant he called out to sluggishly stepped out from the group and answered.
“It‟ll be a little tough. It‟s using that newest composite material and the portable
cutter we brought in won‟t get through it within twenty-four hours.”
“I see Japan‟s going strong financially. Hans, how about blowing the barrier wall off
with C4?”
The tall member with an orderly-maintained moustache was the one to spread his
arms apart without restraint this time round.
“I wouldn‟t recommend going down that route at all. The light cube cluster‟s
holding room is right behind that wall, isn‟t it? I can‟t give any assurance we can
blow that door down without hurting anything inside.”
“Hmm.”
Gabriel crossed his arms and continued his words after a moment of thought.
“…The mission handed to us is to locate and extract a single light cube from all of
those and bring it back along with its interface. We already have the cube‟s unique
ID. In other words, if we could operate the console, it should be a breeze to search
through the cubes and eject that one from the cluster. We should have been on the
ship back with a beer in hand by now.”
“Geez, it‟s all because this bespectacled pile of bones can‟t remove one crappy lock
despite spouting off lies about hacking into the Department of Defense‟s servers.”
“Oh, now that‟s a real shocker. I didn‟t expect some gamer who had never shot a
gun made out of anything but polygons to say that to me.”

107 | P a g e

Sword Art Online Vol. 15 – Alicization Invading
Chapter 16 - Ocean Turtle Raid

Giving just a glare at Vassago and Critter who were about to restart their quarrel,
Gabriel stressed his words.
“Do the lot of you want to return empty-handed and get jeered at instead of a
bonus?”
“No!!”
The group shouted as one.
“Are the lot of you some dimwits outsmarted by a bunch of half-assed engineers?”
“No!!”
“Then think! Prove that thing on your necks has more than just oatmeal in it!!”
Furtive thoughts went through Gabriel even while he acted out the role of the
«tough commander» almost autonomously.
Obtaining the first true artificial intelligence, «Alice», created by humans was
Gabriel‟s greatest goal as one who pursued souls along with the monopolization of
the Soul TransLator technology. He planned to deal with the team with that nerve
gas he secretly brought and first escape to Australia upon obtaining them both.
However, this operation commissioned by the NSA coincided exactly with Gabriel‟s
objectives up to that phase. With the administrator rights system controls locked
away, he had to obtain «Alice»‟s light cube through other means.
Alice… «A. L. I. C. E.».
r a b b i t

It was the informer within «Rath» who conveyed that codename to Gabriel‟s client,
the NSA.
He was not informed of the rabbit‟s personal data. However, assuming a significant
sum of money was what lured it into betraying the organization and leaking that
intelligence, it would likely not expose itself to danger in such a situation.
In other words, he could not expect any further help from the rabbit on the other
side of those pressure-resistant barriers. He had to achieve the objective with the
current intelligence and equipment within that short time limit.
108 | P a g e

Sword Art Online Vol. 15 – Alicization Invading
Chapter 16 - Ocean Turtle Raid

The time limit—the time limit was the issue.
Gabriel could fully curb those futile emotions, be it impatience or unease, but he
could not help but feel a certain pressure as the time limit in twenty-three hours
loomed closer.
The NSA agents told Gabriel this when they requested this intelligence theft
mission, to be conducted in absolute secrecy.
Rath‟s activities could heavily influence the vested interests of Japan‟s defense
industry. As such, the higher-ups within the Self-Defense Force held little like for
Rath‟s existence—or rather, some among those would even assertively hinder them.
The younger Self-Defense Force executives with meager political influence made up
the foundation of Rath. The NSA had targeted that and arranged a secret
arrangement with a certain high official in the Maritime Self-Defense Force through
a member of the CIA in the embassy. The Aegis ship, «Nagato», escorting Rath‟s
headquarters, the Ocean Turtle, would prioritize the safety of the hostages and
make no move for twenty-four hours from the start of the attack.
However, the Aegis would have to act after that standby period in order to eliminate
future issues with the media. If their fully-equipped soldiers were to charge in,
Gabriel and the assault team would be easily annihilated due to the difference in
numbers and equipment.
He planned to escape alone in a small submarine even if it reached the worst-case
scenario. But if he failed to obtain the pivotal light cube, his valiant pursuit of the
human soul would be forced to regress to an irredeemable degree.
Gabriel had already laid out detailed plans for his life after this operation.
First, he would escape to Australia with Alice and hide the light cube and the STL
technology in his villa on the Sovereign Islands. Returning to San Diego via plane,
he would report the failure of the operation to the NSA. Crossing back over to
Australia after the heat died down, he would install a STL machine in the large
basement in his villa and construct a virtual world designed to his whims.

109 | P a g e

Sword Art Online Vol. 15 – Alicization Invading
Chapter 16 - Ocean Turtle Raid

Alice and Gabriel would be the only inhabitants of that world initially. However,
that would be far too lonely. He had to source more material for the purpose of his
research on the soul as well.
He would search for young souls overflowing with vigor around Sydney or Cairns,
capture them, and extract their souls with the STL before disposing of their
unnecessary shells. Eventually, he hoped to cross the seas for his motherland,
America, or the origin of the full-dive technology, Japan, as well.
Gabriel possessed a deep fascination with the unique mentality of those who plays
VR games in Japan. Though not all of them, some of those players seemed to treat
them as more real than reality and held nothing back in exposing their emotions
there. Those strong desires pulsated upon recalling that sniper girl he met in Gun
Gale Online even now.
That likely had a relation to the «real virtual world» that once existed in that
country for a mere two years. Those youths who experienced a death game endowed
with true life and death hacked in by a developer. They, those «survivors»,
possessed souls compatible with virtual worlds beyond any other.
He wanted them all if possible—especially the souls of those players called the «
P r o g r e s s e r s

clearing group». He did not know if that sniper girl was one of them, but of course,
he still wanted her soul. Light cubes enclosed with them would exude radiance
more precious than any jewel.
That ultimate radiance unobtainable by the world‟s filthy rich even if they laid
down bundles of notes, amounting to hundreds of millions of dollars. He would line
them up in his secret room, let his whims decide which souls to load into his
desired worlds, and treat them as he liked.
That was truly marvelous was how he could freely copy and paste those souls
extracted from humans and sealed into light cubes. Gabriel could rollback those
broken, warped souls and carve them however he wanted. As though cutting them
to exhibit their finest radiance like with rough gems.
Gabriel‟s long journey would have made a full circle back to its origin when he
arrives at that point.
110 | P a g e

Sword Art Online Vol. 15 – Alicization Invading
Chapter 16 - Ocean Turtle Raid

To the time he witnessed that exquisite gleam Alicia Klingerman‟s soul showed
under that large tree in the forest.
Those thoughts lasted a sheer instant, but Gabriel lowered his eyelids as his back
shivered slightly.
His icy-cold cognition had returned by the time his eyes reopened.
If the souls of various countries‟ youth were to be the rubies, sapphires, and
emeralds surrounding a crown, «Alice» would be the gigantic diamond encrusted at
its center. Only Alice, the ultimate soul free from all impurity, sufficed as his eternal
partner. He had to find and obtain the girl‟s light cube at all cost.
However, he could not seize it through physicals means without breaking the
pressure-resistant door to the light cube cluster‟s holding room.
Thus, he had no choice but to utilize the system from here. That said, it appeared
not even a first-class cybercriminal like Critter could do anything about the lock on
the main console.
Gabriel‟s boots rang out as he stepped behind Critter whose fingers were running
over the keyboard.
“How is it?”
His hands raised up high in reply.
“It‟s hopeless logging in with administrator rights. All we can do is suck on our
thumbs while peeking into the fairyland where those fluct lights in the cluster above
live.”
Critter moved his fingers and a window opened on the large screen on the opposite
wall, displaying a curious sight.
It was far from a «fairyland». A sickly red permeated the air and the ground was as
black as fresh asphalt.

111 | P a g e

Sword Art Online Vol. 15 – Alicization Invading
Chapter 16 - Ocean Turtle Raid

Multiple primitive tents sewed together from leather were stood in the middle of
the image. Beside them gathered roughly ten strange organisms, short, stout, and
bald, who were making a racket for one reason or another.
Though humanoid, they could hardly be mistaken as humans. Their backs were
horrendously hunched, their arms were long enough to scrap against the ground,
and their bent legs were stumpy in comparison.
“Goblins…?”
Gabriel murmured and Critter spoke cheerfully after a soft whistle.
“Ooh, well-informed, aren‟t you, commander. That‟s right, they don‟t seem like orcs
or ogres, so they‟re probably goblins.”
“But they look pretty big for those. These must be the hob kinds, hobgoblins.”
Vassago who came closer from the side added his opinion with his hands on his
waist. As expected as one with VR combat as his specialization, he apparently had
quite some knowledge regarding fantasy RPGs.
The uproar among the ten or so hobgoblins escalated progressively as Gabriel and
the others watched on.

112 | P a g e

Sword Art Online Vol. 15 – Alicization Invading
Chapter 16 - Ocean Turtle Raid

The two in the center grabbed onto each other and as they started a rough scuffle,
the rest surrounding them raised their hands while screaming.
“…Critter.”
With what seemed like an idea on the verge of taking shape, Gabriel called out to
the close-cropped head on the seat.
“Yeah?”
“Are these guys…. these monsters part of the system?”
“Hmm, that seems off. These guys are real humans in a sense. They‟re artificial
souls loaded into the light cube cluster above… they have fluct lights.”
“Seriously!? What the fuck!”
Vassago immediately leaned forward with a hysterical cry.
“These hobgoblins are humans!? You mean they have souls like us!? Grandma
Frisco would keel over this instant if she heard that!!”
He yelled out again while slapping Critter‟s close-cropped hair.
“I can‟t believe they would be doing such research without regard for God. So that‟s
how it is, everyone‟s some goblin or orc in those light cubes? Even our Alice-chan?”
“Like hell they are.”
Critter corrected Vassago while sweeping away his hand, annoyed.
“Listen, that world those guys from Rath built, the Underworld, is separated into
two areas. A bit west from the middle‟s the «Human Empire» and normal humans
live there. And outside that‟s the «Dark Territory» swarming with monsters like
these. Naturally, Alice‟s somewhere in the Human Empire, but that‟s ridiculously
huge, so there‟s no way we‟ll find her while peeking in like this.”
“Then it‟s a piece of cake. Our words will get through if they‟re humans, right? Then
we‟ll dive into that Human Empire place and just ask those there, „You know some
girl called Alice?‟ and we‟ll be done”
114 | P a g e

Sword Art Online Vol. 15 – Alicization Invading
Chapter 16 - Ocean Turtle Raid

“Woah, idiot warning. There‟s one right here.”
“The fuck was that, you bastard!!”
“Come on, it‟s the Japanese who built the Underworld. Naturally, the words used by
«those there» would be Japanese. And what, you can speak Japanese?”
Critter pointed that out with disdain to which Vassago replied with a somewhat
crooked smile.
“I can’t have you looking down on me now.”
In that instant, everyone stared in amazement, not just Critter. Vassago‟s words
were fluent to an extent that shocked even Gabriel.
The Hispanic youth returned to English and continued.
“Communication‟s no problem at all, ya know? Any other problem, four-eyes-kun?”
“There… There is, of course.”
Recovering from his shock, Critter snorted.
“Tens of thousands of people live in the Human Empire. Do you really think you
can go up to and ask each and every one of them… all alone……”
It appeared his own words served as inspiration as his frame jolted up upon
speaking that far. Though Vassago cursed with that close-cropped head crashing
into his chin, the hacker shouted out without any concern for him.
“Wait. Waitwaitwaitwait. Maybe you won‟t have to do it on your own…”
The vague idea in Gabriel‟s mind, too, settled into a rough shape upon hearing that.
“…I see. It‟s hardly likely that the accounts for logging into the Underworld… would
all be some level 1 citizen. Is that it, Critter?”
“Yes. Yess, boss!!”
The keyboard clattered like a percussion instrument and several lists immediately
appear on the large monitor as they were scrolled through.
115 | P a g e

Sword Art Online Vol. 15 – Alicization Invading
Chapter 16 - Ocean Turtle Raid

“There should be accounts from all sorts of social classes for Rath‟s operators to log
into to observe or manage inside. An army officer… no, general. No, no, a noble,
noble… or maybe we could even get the emperor himself…”
“Ooh, that sounds cool, huh.”
Vassago spoke, rubbing his split chin.
“In short, I‟ll just have to log in as some general or president or bigwig and order
everyone as I like, huh. Army, fall in! Right, face! Go find Alice!! Like that?”
“…That good idea just sounds stupid now after those words from you.”
Critter continued scrolling at a tempestuous speed even as he grumbled. However.
The man‟s rare complaints came to a stop along with the listing mere seconds later.
“Damn, we‟re outta luck, huh. They didn‟t just put a password on direct access from
here, but to log into the high level accounts too. Unfortunately, it looks like we can‟t
dive into the Human Empire with anything from a normal citizen‟s account.”
“…Hmm…”
The hue of disappointment showed itself clearly on Critter and Vassago‟s faces, but
Gabriel‟s expression remained still as he lightly inclined his head.
The time they had left was certainly not very long.
However, that limit applied only to the real world. Time flowed, compressed to an
absurd degree of several hundred times slower than reality, in that other world
extending beyond the screen, Under World.
To put it in other words, the remaining twenty-three hours of reprieve they had was
equivalent to over a year in the Underworld. With that much time, it was not
necessarily impossible to search and secure Alice, as well as eject her into the real
world from an information console inside after logging in as a common citizen.
However, that would certainly be tedious. If they had to go to such lengths, would it
not be faster to approach the Human Empire from outside it?
116 | P a g e

Sword Art Online Vol. 15 – Alicization Invading
Chapter 16 - Ocean Turtle Raid

“Critter. Are there no high level accounts outside the empire… in the Dark
Territory?”
“…Outside? But there‟s barely any chance Alice‟s out there, no?”
Critter‟s fingers flashed fleetingly even as he voiced that doubt.
Looking up at the newly opened window, Gabriel responded.
“Well, that is likely. However, it isn‟t impossible to pass through the boundary
between the areas, is it? There may be means of crossing that boundary with the
rights given to the account.”
“Ooh, that‟s bro for you! His mind‟s on a whole different level! In other words, it‟s
that, huh… becoming some boss on the monsters‟ side rather than a human general
and going on an invasion!? I‟ll be even more on board with that!!”
Apparently rather fed up, judging from his tone, Critter poured cold water onto
Vassago who was shouting out after a whistle.
“I don‟t care how on board you are, but you may have to become some hobgoblin or
orc if you‟re logging into the Dark Territory. Well, it suits you, though… oh, there,
there‟s one, look.”
With a loud click from the keys, another two windows appeared.
“Let‟s see, there are only two super accounts unlike in the Empire, but… alright,
there‟s no password on them! Let‟s take a look… first we have one with the position
of a dark knight. Its priority level is… 70! Now this is usable!”
“Ooh, that sounds good! I‟ll take that!!”
Ignoring the noisy Vassago, Critter focused the other window.
“And, the other one. …What‟s with this? The position field‟s blank and there‟s no
level shown. All that‟s set is the name, huh. This guy‟s… how is this read?
……«Emperor… Vector»?”
“Woah, if it says emperor, then that‟s an emperor, huh. I guess I‟ll take…”
117 | P a g e

Sword Art Online Vol. 15 – Alicization Invading
Chapter 16 - Ocean Turtle Raid

Gabriel softly patted Vassago‟s shoulder from behind after he started speaking.
“No, I‟ll use that.”
“Heh? But bro, you can speak Japanese?”
“Not as well as you, though.”
And Gabriel replied in the Japanese he studied for three years. Though he gave up
on reading and writing from the very beginning, he had the confidence he could get
through daily conversations without issue.
“As expected, huh. Then bro, I‟ll leave you the emperor and I‟ll go with the dark
knight. Looks like things are getting fun! Hey, four-eyes, can we log in yet!?”
Utterly ignoring Vassago, noisy as usual, Critter continued tapping on the
keyboard. His profile appeared serious as he glared at the information displayed on
the monitor one after another and Gabriel asked softly after walking to his side.
“How does it look, Critter, are there any other issues?”
“……I can‟t tell if it‟s a problem or it‟s just bugging me… there are some odd terms
popping out here and there in the data. I don‟t understand exactly what they mean
yet, but…”
“Oh? What terms?”
Critter took in a breath before replying to Gabriel‟s enquiry.
“…«Final load test».”

118 | P a g e

Sword Art Online Vol. 15 – Alicization Invading
Chapter 16 - Ocean Turtle Raid

3
Higa shyly broke the gloomy silence enveloping the sub control room.
“Err-erm… right. His body, or rather, the state Kirigaya-kun is left in here in the
real world is like I explained… it‟s not looking optimistic.”
Seeing Yuuki Asuna‟s slender frame tremble while Koujiro Rinko held onto her
shoulder, he added on in a fluster.
“B-But, however slight it is, there‟s still hope!”
“…Specifically?”
Rinko asked in a voice, sharp yet tinged with faith.
“Kirito-kun is still logged into the Underworld.”
Higa looked up at the monitor relatively smaller than the one in the hijacked main
control room. Switching the display after several clicks of the mouse, he showed the
entire Underworld made up of the circular Human Empire and the Dark Territory
surrounding it.
“In other words, though I said he lost his self-image, his fluct light itself is still
active and receiving all kinds of stimuli. Thus, it may be possible to treat his soul in
the Underworld even if it‟s impossible in the real world. If someone were to
«forgive» him, who hurt his own soul by blaming himself excessively… it may
just…”
Higa was well aware his own words could hardly be considered scientific.
However, they came straight from his heart.
The Nerve Gear, the Medicuboid, and following that as an evolved Brain Machine
Interface, the Soul TransLator. However, the mysteries of that quantum incorporeal
entity, the «fluct light», owned by humans and discovered through the machine
Higa personally assisted in developing still overwhelmed what he knew about it.
Was the fluct light a physical phenomenon?
119 | P a g e

Sword Art Online Vol. 15 – Alicization Invading
Chapter 16 - Ocean Turtle Raid

Or perhaps it was a conceptual phenomenon beyond the explanations of modern
science?
If it was the latter, Kirigaya Kazuto‟s hurt and battered soul could be healed by
some power that exceeded science.
For example—a person‟s love.
“…I will go.”
It was as if she agreed with Higa‟s thoughts.
Her soft yet determined voice reverberated through the sub control room.
Those in the room caught their breaths as they looked at the one who said it. Yuuki
Asuna nodded towards Koujiro Rinko who was supporting her shoulders and took a
step forward before repeating those words.
“I will go to the Underworld. I want to tell Kirito-kun on the other side. You tried
your best, didn‟t you? Many things must have happened, both sad and painful, but
you did all you could.”
The visage of Asuna saying those with tears residing in her light brown eyes was so
beautiful, it rendered even Higa who was prepared to devote his entire life to the
academics speechless.
Kikuoka watched Asuna, likely touched as his expression suggested, but soon hid
that behind the lens of his glasses and turned his sight towards the door to the
adjacent room.
“…I do believe we have another unoccupied STL.”
The commander who quietly announced that put on a complex expression and
continued.

120 | P a g e

Sword Art Online Vol. 15 – Alicization Invading
Chapter 16 - Ocean Turtle Raid

“However, the current Underworld couldn‟t be said to be in a stable state. It will be
plunging into the last stage of the scheduled final load test in a few more hours on
this side.”
“Final… load? What will happen?”
Higa gestured with his hands while explaining to the frowning Rinko.
“Erm… to put it simply, the shell‟s breaking. The «Great East Gate» separating the
Human Empire and Dark Territory for hundreds of years will have its durability
reach zero and an army of monsters will surge into the humans‟ world. If the
humans prepared a sufficient defense structure, they should be able to repel it in
the end. However, Kirito-kun destroyed half of that ruling organization, the Axiom
Church, in the experiment this time, so… I wouldn‟t know how it‟ll…”
“Come to think of it, the situation might necessitate that we have someone dive over
there regardless.”
Kikuoka muttered with his arms crossed before his chest.
“It‟s possible «Alice», somewhere in the Human Empire may be murdered in the
chaos when the invasion begins. We wouldn‟t have had any reason to lock main
control to earn this time if that wasn‟t the case… If only we could enter with a high
ranking account and secure Alice while moving her to the «World End Altar»,
ejecting her light cube to sub control here…”
“Aah… you did request that of Kirito-kun, didn‟t you, immediately before the
incident.”
Kikuoka nodded regretfully at Rinko‟s words.
“Yes. He would have definitely carried it out if he was safe. After all, Alice was right
next to him back then…”
“Then there is a high possibility they are still together now even after months have
passed on the inside… you mean?”
Higa answered that question.
121 | P a g e

Sword Art Online Vol. 15 – Alicization Invading
Chapter 16 - Ocean Turtle Raid

“…Yes, I believe that is worth considering. Thus, it may be best to have Asuna be
the one to dive… It goes without saying that she‟ll be able to talk with Kirito-kun
and securing Alice will likely require combat ability in the Underworld. Asuna‟s the
most used to moving in a virtual world among us here, I‟m totally sure of that.”
“Then it will be best if we use an account with a level as high as possible, huh.”
Nodding to Kikuoka‟s voice, Higa ran his fingers over the keyboard.
“Well, sure, she can take her pick. We have knights, generals, nobles… all sorts of
high ranking accounts prepared.”
“Hey, hold on for a moment.”
Rinko‟s slightly nervous voice barged in.
“Something‟s the matter?”
“…Isn‟t there the possibility the attackers will think of the same thing? You
mentioned it earlier, didn‟t you? That the loophole to secure Alice is to do it from
inside.”
“Aah… yes, those means are available to them too. Main control below does have
two STLs set up. But they shouldn‟t have the time to crack the login password for
the high ranking accounts. All they can use are the level 1 common citizens. They
won‟t be doing anything in the chaos of the final load test with statuses like those.”
Higa‟s explanation sped on—
Even as slight unease suddenly rose to the surface of his consciousness as though
he had forgotten something important.
However, those thoughts were lost before given form upon spotting something in
the account listing he rapidly scrolled through.

122 | P a g e

Sword Art Online Vol. 15 – Alicization Invading

Within the «Ocean Turtle» i
The base for the disguised company «RATH» constructed to undergo «Project
Alicization», development of a Bottom-Up artificial intelligence, is the independent
large-scale floating carrier «Ocean Turtle».

Within the enormous pyramid-shaped «Ocean Turtle», STL Room One and STL
Room Two each contain two «Soul Translators» needed to log into the
«Underworld». The «Soul Translator» used by Kirito to log into the «Underworld» is
within STL Room Two.

At the center of the «Ocean Turtle» there are stored the «souls» of the inhabitants of
the «Underworld», which is the «Light Cube Cluster» of the artificial Fluctlights.

Gabriel’s group’s mission is to eject Alice’s artificial Fluctlight from this gigantic
mass of Light Cubes through a vacuum tube.
i

https://defan752.wordpress.com/

124 | P a g e

Sword Art Online Vol. 15 – Alicization Invading
Chapter 17 –Dark Territory

Chapter 17
Dark Territory
11th Month of Human Empire Calendar 380
1
Dark Knight Lipia Zankale leapt off her flying dragon‟s back before it came to a stop
and began running through the elevated walkway connecting the landing platform
and imperial palace at full speed.
Soon finding it stifling, she tore off the helmet covering even face with her right
hand.
Settling her long ashen-blue hair that waved out behind her with her left hand,
Lipia sped up further. Though she would strip off her heavy armor and mantle if
she could, she had no desire to give the magistrates who filled the imperial palace
even a glimpse of her skin.
A gigantic, towering black palace tore into the red skies in the gaps between round
columns lined up on her right after she dashed through the winding corridor.
Imperial Obsidia Palace was built by excavating the tallest—ignoring the vexing
«mountain range at the edge»—rocky mountains found in the boundless land of
darkness over a hundred years.
It was said the mountain range at the edge and the humongous gate carved into its
solid rock could be seen just beyond the western horizon from the throne room at
the top floor, though just barely.
However, no one could verify the truth behind that legend.
The throne of the land of darkness was left vacant ever since the first emperor,
Vector the god of darkness, departed for the darkness beneath the earth in ancient
times. The grand door to the top floor was sealed with chains of infinite Life and
will never open.
Lipia tore her sight off the top of the pitch-black palace and called out the ogre
guards protecting the looming palace gate.
121 | P a g e

Sword Art Online Vol. 15 – Alicization Invading
Chapter 17 –Dark Territory

“I am the eleventh among the dark knights, Zankale! Open the gate!!”
The guards with the head of wolves and the body of men were rather dull in their
heads compared to their brawns and it was only immediately before Lipia reached
the cast iron gate when they began rotating the handle to open it.
A leaden noise tolled as the gate opened and she slipped sideways through before it
got far.
The palace greeted Lipia for the first time in three months with its usual chilly air.
The corridors polished by the simple and honest subordinate kobolds daily were
speckless. She ran, her shoes clanging against the obsidian flooring, and saw a pair
of women, voluptuous and clad in revealing clothing, noiselessly gliding across the
floor before her.
The large pointy hats sitting on their glossy, wavy hair indicated them to be dark
arts users. When she attempted to pass them without making eye contact, one of
the women deliberately spoke out in her shrill voice.
“My, how the earth trembles! I wonder if there are orcs running somewhere?!”
A reply immediately came from the other accompanied with high-pitched laughter.
“That wouldn‟t be enough, this tremor must be from the giants!”
—I would have slit their tongues off if it wasn‟t for the restriction on drawing
swords in the palace.
Lipia thought as she ran past with no more than a snort.
Most female humans born in the land of darkness enter the dark arts user guild
after graduating from the preparatory school. The notoriously hedonic organization
was said to teach indulgence in place of order and those who finished were mostly
like that bunch, holding interest in nothing but dressing up.
Despite all that, they become uncharacteristically fired up when it came to opposing
girls who choose the path of the knight. Lipia, too, was driven to her wits‟ end when
she was young and an art user she was on bad terms with in her class in cadet
122 | P a g e

Sword Art Online Vol. 15 – Alicization Invading
Chapter 17 –Dark Territory

school shot a poison curse at her. Though that girl became rather docile after
having the braided hair she was so proud of snipped off.
In the end, those of this land were no more than fools without concern for the
future.
The land of darkness had no future with its organizations and people at each other‟s
throat, not knowing any means of settling conflicts except through strength.
Though the «Ten Lords Assembly» was key to maintaining the perilous equilibrium
now, that will not last long. If any of the ten lords lose their life in the looming war
with the Human Empire—which the orcs and goblins call the «land of iums»—the
balance will collapse and a warring age where blood is washed away by blood will
return.
The one who painted that image of the future to Lipia was one of the ten lords, her
direct supervisor as the head of the Order of the Dark Knights as well as the man
who was her lover.
And Lipia now held confidential information in her chest that he eagerly awaited.
In which case, she did not have even a second to spare on the female art users‟
nonsense.
Crossing straight through the empty hall, she ran up the grand staircase, two steps
at a time. Though trained, she was still out of breath when she finally reached the
floor she wanted.
The «Ten Lords Assembly» ruled over the entire land of darkness through
conferences, with five seats going to the human race, two seats to the goblin race,
and the remaining three seats to the heads of the orc, ogre, and giant races. With
something like a treaty tended after over a hundred long years of civil wars, the
result was an agreement that stipulated none among the five races was superior to
another.
As such, the eighteenth floor near the top floor of Obsidia Palace had private rooms
established for each of the ten lords. Silencing her footsteps somewhat as she ran
123 | P a g e

Sword Art Online Vol. 15 – Alicization Invading
Chapter 17 –Dark Territory

through the hallway, Lipia knocked on the door to one of the rooms further in three
times with her armored right hand.
“Enter.”
A husky voice immediately responded.
After looking to the sides and confirming no one was in the hallway, Lipia quickly
slipped through the door.
While feeling nostalgia from the masculine smell in the room that maximized
utilitarianism in terms of decoration, she placed a knee onto the floor and lowered
her head.
“Knight Lipia Zankale has now returned under your service.”
“Good work. Go on, sit.”
She raised her face, aware of the throbbing in her chest in response to that deep
voice.
The man who flumped himself onto one of the sofas surrounding a round table with
his legs crossed up high was the dark knight commander—with the alias, «Dark
General», Viksul Ur Shasta.
A towering stature despite being of the human race. Though naturally the same
could not be said of his girth, he would not lose in height even against ogres. His
deep black hair was trimmed short and the moustache at his mouth was in order as
well.
His plain hemp shirt covered rising burly muscles that threatened to burst its
buttons, but there was absolutely no excess meat around his waist. Few knew his
perfect body hardly thinkable of one who crossed forty was maintained through his
tremendous daily training that he continued without fail even after ascending to the
top among the knights.
Holding down her desire to jump into the chest of her sweetheart upon seeing him
for the first time in three months, Lipia sat on the sofa facing Shasta.
124 | P a g e

Sword Art Online Vol. 15 – Alicization Invading
Chapter 17 –Dark Territory

With his upper body up, Shasta lifted one of the two crystal cups prepared on the
table to Lipia and broke the seal on what appeared to be well aged wine.
“I swiped this from the treasury yesterday in thoughts of having it with you.”
He poured the fragrant scarlet liquid into the glass with an eye closed. The way that
expression brought out his impish side was the same as it was in the past.
“Th… thank you very much, Your Excellency.”
“How many times must I tell you to refrain from that when we‟re alone?”
“However, I am still in the midst of my duty.”
Lightly clicking her glass against Shasta‟s as he shrugged in exasperation, she
gulped down the mellow wine all at once and felt the Life exhausted over the long
journey slowly recovering.
“…And, so.”
Emptying his own cup and straightening his expression, the knight commander
asked at a slightly softer volume.
“What exactly was that grave affair you sent word of through your familiar?”
“Yes…”
Lipia ran her sight left and right before leaning forward. Shasta was an openhearted
man, yet prudent at the same time. Multiple layers of defensive arts have been laid
down this room and not even the chief of the dark arts user guild, that «witch»,
could eavesdrop. But despite that knowledge, she could not help but whisper upon
considering the importance of the information she held.
Staring into Shasta‟s black eyes, Lipia voiced her brief report.
“The highest minister of the Human Empire‟s Axiom Church… has passed away.”
He was that Dark General, but his eyes still flashed wide open nonetheless.
A lengthy, deep breath broke the silence.
125 | P a g e

Sword Art Online Vol. 15 – Alicization Invading
Chapter 17 –Dark Territory

“Questioning if that is credible… would be an insult to you, wouldn‟t it. I do not
doubt the information, but… still… to think that immortal being would……”
“Yes… I understand what you mean. I, too, could not believe the abruptness and
spent a week confirming it, but it truly appeared to be no mistake. I hid «ear bugs»
in the Central Cathedral and collected the evidence.”
“My word, what a reckless act. If they had followed your art, you would have been
torn from limb to limb before you could escape from the capital.”
“Indeed. But by the fact they could not detect an art on my level, too, proves the
report was true.”
“…Hmm…”
Wetting his tongue on his second cup of wine, Shasta lowered his hardy face.
“When had that happened? And the cause?”
“Approximately half a year ago and…”
“Half a year. I believe that was about when the guard at the mountain range
slackened for some time.”
“Yes. As for the highest minister‟s cause of death… though it is somewhat hard to
believe, it was said she was done in by a sword…”
“A sword. —Someone capable of cutting down that immortal being existed, you
say?”
“There couldn‟t be.”
Lipia shook her head towards the speechless Shasta.
“Despite what we call her, that immortal being must have had her Life exhausted.
However, in order to immortalize the divinity of the highest minister, they must
have resorted to such deception to…”
“Hmm… well, let‟s leave it at that. But still… she truly is dead, isn‟t she, Highest
Minister Administrator…”
126 | P a g e

Sword Art Online Vol. 15 – Alicization Invading
Chapter 17 –Dark Territory

Shasta shut his eyes and crossed his arms before leaning his upper back into the
sofa.
A fair bit of silence started then, but eventually, his eyelids flashed open with short
words.
“It‟s our chance.”
Lipia lost her breath for an instant before asking in a squeaky voice.
“For what, exactly?”
The reply was immediate.
“There is no other… but for peace, of course.”
That vocabulary too dangerous to let out from one‟s mouth within this palace
permeated into the room‟s atmosphere and dissipated.
“Do you believe… that to be possible, Your Excellency?”
Shasta set his eyes on the crimson liquid in his glass and nodded, slowly but deeply,
at Lipia who asked so in a whisper.
“Be it possible or not, we will have to make it succeed no matter what.”
Gulping down the wine, he continued.
“The Life of the «Great Gate» that had been separating the Human Empire and
land of darkness since the age of creation is finally near its end. The armies of the
five dark races are like a huge kettle close to boil with the invasion of the Human
Empire abundant in the grace of the sunlight and earth before them. The previous
Ten Lords Assembly was a huge mess, deciding how to split the land, treasures, and
slaves of the Human Empire. Good grief… what incorrigible greed they have.”
Lipia lowered her face at Shasta‟s frank, curt speech.
Unlike the Human Empire controlled by that lengthy code of law called the «Taboo
Index», only one law existed in the land of darkness. In short—to plunder with
strength.
127 | P a g e

Sword Art Online Vol. 15 – Alicization Invading
Chapter 17 –Dark Territory

In that sense, Shasta would be the odd one out, considering peace like the Human
Empire, when compared to the nine lords whose lust for conquest burned on even
after ascending to the top positions of power.
However, that peculiarity contributed to Lipia‟s boundless attraction towards this
man. Whatever others might say or think, Lipia was not taken against her will
unlike the women waiting on the other lords. Shasta had knelt down and offered
her a bouquet of flowers, persuading her with sincere words.
Showing no sign he was aware of his lover‟s contemplation, Shasta continued his
words in a solemn tone.
“…However, the lords think too lowly of the humans. Especially of the Order of the
Integrity Knights who protected the Human Empire over three hundred years.”
Lipia nodded while feeling her head cool off gradually upon hearing that name.
“Certainly… Their mastery is to be feared.”
“Each of them is literally a match for a thousand. Despite the countless fatalities
suffered by the Order of the Dark Knights throughout its long history caused by
integrity knights, the opposite had never come about. Their swordsmanship is
exquisite and the sacred tools they wear are without peer… Not even I had finished
a single one of them off even if I have cornered them before on numerous
occasions. Naturally, the times I had fled overwhelms those, however.”
“That is… due to that strange art they use to release flames and light from their
swords…”
“The «armament full control art», huh. Our knight order‟s art research division
hadn‟t arrived at the details to that even after lengthy research. Not even a hundred
goblin soldiers could stand against a single use of that art.”
“That said… our forces number fifty thousand. Conversely, there are but thirty or so
integrity knights. Could we not drive them down with numbers…?”
Shasta cynically raised an end of his fine moustache at Lipia‟s words.

128 | P a g e

Sword Art Online Vol. 15 – Alicization Invading
Chapter 17 –Dark Territory

“Had I not said each of them is comparable to a thousand? By those calculations,
that will be the end of thirty thousand of our troops.”
“Well, I never… to think they could take on that many.”
“It‟s natural to think so. Though it does not stick well with me, a strategy with us,
the knight order, as the vanguards supported by the ogres and giants, with ranged
arts pouring down from the dark arts users in the back should exhaust even the
integrity knights eventually. But I cannot imagine how many casualties we would
suffer before the final knight falls. I will not claim that it will be thirty thousand, but
half of that is a feasible figure.”
The crystal cup was placed onto the table with a firm clink.
Holding back Lipia with a hand when she tried to pour more liquor, Shasta leaned
his broad back against the sofa.
“…And when all is said and done, an imbalance will naturally develop among the
strength of the five dark races. The Ten Lords Assembly will lose its purpose and
the agreement of equality among the five races will be naught but in name. When it
comes to that, the «age of blood and iron» from a hundred years before will return.
No, it will be worse. After all, the gate to the vast ocean of bottomless nectar, the
Human Empire, will be open this time. The wars to sort out the authorities of rule
to each land will not end even in a hundred years…”
That was what Shasta truly feared, more so than the prior issues, that worst picture
of the future he lectured Lipia about time after time. And aside from Shasta, the
other lords would not think of that future as the worst—instead, they might even
anticipate it.
Lipia lowered her face and stared hard at the jet-black gleam from the full-body
armor she was granted when she was knighted which was scratched all over yet
polished thoroughly.
Lipia would have probably never made it as a knight if it was during the «age of
blood and iron» due to how small she was as a child. She would have been sold as a
slave or abandoned in the wilderness outside the city, ending that short life.
129 | P a g e

Sword Art Online Vol. 15 – Alicization Invading
Chapter 17 –Dark Territory

However, though hardly perfect, it was thanks to that peace treaty that she could
enter a cadet school instead of the slave market and discover her late blooming
aptitude for the sword, reaching practically the highest position a human female
could hope for.
After she became a knight, she managed an institution similar to a nursery that
cared for infants gathered from remote regions where slave trafficking was still
rampant who were abandoned by their parents at the expense of most of her
monthly wages.
She did not inform Shasta of that fact, let alone her colleagues. After all, not even
she could explain why she undertook such an act either.
Still—
The instinct that this land was strange somehow for letting the strength plunder
everything was always somewhere in Lipia‟s mind. She lacked the wisdom to put
her own uncertainties into clear words unlike Shasta, but still, she felt there was a
more «ideal, correct form» that would better fit this land—no, the whole of the
Underworld including the Human Empire.
Even Lipia could now recognize that that so-called new world would only arrive
long after that peace Shasta advocated. Along with that, she desired to become a
pillar of strength for the man she loved as a woman.
But.
“…But Your Excellency, how do you plan on persuading the other lords? Besides…
will the Order of the Integrity Knights accept peace negotiations in the first place?”
Lipia asked in a subdued manner.
“…Hmm…”
Shasta shut both of his eyes and stroke his glossy moustache with his right hand.
Before long, a somewhat bitter voice softly sounded out from him.
“I see potential in the integrity knights. With the highest minister‟s demise, the one
who picked up overall command must be old man Bercouli. Though cunning, words
130 | P a g e

Sword Art Online Vol. 15 – Alicization Invading
Chapter 17 –Dark Territory

do get through to him. The problem would be… the Ten Lords Assembly as
expected. For that… though it may be contradictory…”
Raising his eyelids, his two eyes concealing a dangerous light gazed at the air.
“—I may have to cut them down. Four of them at the very least.”
Drawing in a sharp breath, Lipia asked in trepidation.
“Four, you say… I suppose those would be the two goblin chiefs, the orc chief,
and…”
“The head of the dark arts user guild. That woman harbors ambition to obtain the
secret of Administrator‟s immortality and to eventually ascend to the emperor‟s
throne. She would never accept any plans for peace.”
“B-But!”
Lipia wrung her rebuttal out.
“That is far too dangerous, Your Excellency! The goblin and orc chiefs are no match
for you… but I cannot even begin to imagine what tricks that dark arts user would
resort to!”
Shasta kept his silence for a short while even after Lipia‟s mouth shut.
The words he suddenly let out, too, were utterly unexpected.
“Hey, Lipia. How long have you been by my side for?”
“Huh? Yes… e-erm… I was twenty-one… so four years?”
“So that much time had already passed. …I apologize for keeping you away for so
long. How about it… it should be about time, we, well.”
He scratched his head, his sight wandering, and the dark knight commander spoke
slightly brusquely.
“…Wouldn‟t you officially become my bride? Though I must say sorry for being such
an old man.”
131 | P a g e

Sword Art Online Vol. 15 – Alicization Invading
Chapter 17 –Dark Territory

“Your… Your Excellency…”
Lipia was rendered speechless with her two eyes wide open—
Some sort of heat slowly spread out from around her heart and she was about to
jump across the table into the chest of the man she loved.
When a strained, shrill voice rang out from beyond the thick door.
“It‟s an emergency!! A real emergency!! Aah, how could this have happened?!!
Come, lords, hurry, hurry!!”
The faintly familiar voice belonged to one of the ten lords, the economic guild‟s
head.
The croaky screams which did not suit that magnanimous, well-built man in Lipia‟s
memories continued still.
“It‟s a true emergency!! —T-The throne room! The sealing chains! They are
quiveriiiiing!!”
2
Having descended into the throne room as Emperor Vector, Gabriel Miller gazed
upon the artificial fluct lights kneeling at his feet, their heads lowered, feeling
deeply moved with a sort of emotion.
They were quantum information from light confined within light cubes measuring
two inches per side. And yet they were real humans endowed with intelligence and
souls in this world. But then again, half of the ten lined up in front were monsters
with bizarre appearances.
The ten generals who named themselves as «feudal lords», the knights and dark
arts users, along with the fifty thousand troops stationed outside the palace were
thus the units granted to Gabriel. He had to move them appropriately, exterminate
the Human Empire‟s defense forces, and secure «Alice».

132 | P a g e

Sword Art Online Vol. 15 – Alicization Invading
Chapter 17 –Dark Territory

However, unlike a real-time strategy game in the real world, these units could not
be mobilized as he liked with a mouse and keyboard. He had to lead and command
them with his words and behavior.
Gabriel silently stood up from the throne and gazed into a mirror affixed onto the
wall behind after several steps.
Reflected was a view of himself sporting an utterly tasteless look.
His facial features and that blonde hair nearing white were all that remained of the
real world‟s Gabriel. However, a crown of black metal inlaid with a crimson jewel
adorned his brow and he wore a luxurious fur gown, pitch-black like the suede-like
shirt and trousers made from leather below it. A narrow long sword let out a hazy
glow as it hung off his waist and meticulous patterns were embroidered in silver
thread on his boots and gloves. In addition, on his back was a long cape dyed bloodred.
Shifting his view towards the right, he saw a knight one step down from the throne,
glancing around with his hands joined together behind his head.
Inside that full-body armor, gleaming like a deep purple gem, was Vassago Casals
who logged in with Gabriel. Though he warned him to refrain from getting carried
over and mentioning anything unnecessary until they understood the situation, it
appeared his emotions were practically bursting from his chest to be expressed in
his slang as his toes clattered away.
Lightly shaking his head, Gabriel returned his eyes to himself in the mirror.
Accustomed to tailor-made suits, his body felt only unease at his get-up. However,
in this «Underworld», Gabriel was no CTO of some private military company.
He was the emperor who governed the boundless Dark Territory.
And, God.
Gabriel shut both of his eyes, and then slowly took in a breath of air and let it out.
The switch in his mind to swap the role he played from a tough and cool
commander to a ruthless emperor made a click.
133 | P a g e

Sword Art Online Vol. 15 – Alicization Invading
Chapter 17 –Dark Territory

Opening his eyes, Gabriel—the god of darkness, Vector—turned with his crimson
mantle billowing and glared haughtily at the ten generals as his voice, lacking all
sense of humanity, resounded through the throne room.
“Raise your heads and name yourself. —You, over there, you start.”
The well-built middle-aged man whose brow was practically scraping against the
floor as he prostrated himself raised his upper body with unexpected nimbleness
before stating his name in fluent Japanese.
“Y-Yess! My name is Lengyel Gira Sukovo, I serve as the leader of the economic
guild!”
The middle-aged man bowed once more and a something giant, like a small hill,
began moving beside him.
The demi-human, likely over twelve feet if it stood, who had its massive frame
wreathed in crisscrossing chains shining with black luster and an animal pelt
covering its waist jerked up its abnormally long nose bridge and named itself in a
low tone that resembled a tremor.
“Chief of the giant race, Sigrosig.”
By the time Gabriel internalized the fact that intelligence and a soul resided within
this monster as well, the third let out a hoarse voice that grated on his ears.
“…Assassin guild head… Fu Za…
The one dressed in a hooded robe had a presence far too frail when compared to the
one from the giant race beside, with no clear indication of even age or gender.
Though Gabriel mused over giving an order for revealing that face for an instant, he
decided to leave it aside, figuring an assassin like that would have one principle or
another prohibiting it, and shifted his sight to the next general.
He narrowly held back an immediate urge to frown.
The meticulous embodiment of ugliness sat down with a thud. Its legs were too
short to kneel. Its swollen, round belly shone with a sheen as though greasy and
134 | P a g e

Sword Art Online Vol. 15 – Alicization Invading
Chapter 17 –Dark Territory

what appeared like skulls of small animals dangled from its neck half-sunken into
its shoulders.
The head on top was seven part pig, three part human. A flat nose protruded
forward and fangs peeked from its huge mouth, but intelligence blazed in its beady
eyes like a human which made it all the more repulsive.
“Chieef of the orc racee, Rilpirin.”
Upon hearing that shrill voice, Gabriel wondered whether this was actually a male
or female, but immediately casted aside that curiosity this time as well. An orc
would be an inferior unit. There would be no purpose keeping them around after
running them ragged.
The next to bring his head up with a quick bow was young enough to be still termed
a young man. His curly red hair hung down and all that was wrapped on the top
half of his tanned body was a single leather belt. On the bottom were skin-tight
leather trousers and sandals while rectangular, metal-studded gloves were worn on
his two hands.
“Tenth champion of the pugilist guild, Iskahn!!”
Looking back at the youth who assertively shouted out, Gabriel tilted his side in
confusion inside. Pugilists were effectively boxers? Would they be suitable as
soldiers despite being barehanded?
He pondered and a loud growl roared out all of a sudden.
The source was a type of demi-human with a physique unlike humans, though not
to the extent of the giants. Long fur engulfed nearly all of its upper body. He
understood it to be real hair rather than clothing only because its head was
completely that of a beast.
It closely resembled a wolf. The protruding nose bridge; those teeth lined up like a
saw; and those triangular ears. A barely comprehensible voice seeped out from its
mouth where its long tongue hung out.
“Grr… chief of… ogres… Fulgrr… rrr…”
135 | P a g e

Sword Art Online Vol. 15 – Alicization Invading
Chapter 17 –Dark Territory

Though he had no confidence whether that was its name or simply a growl, Gabriel
lightly nodded and looked at the next.
An ear-splitting squeak resounded right after.
“Hagashi, chief of the mountain goblins, at your service! Your Majesty, do grant the
brave warriors of our race the honor of being your shock troops!!”
It was a type of demi-human, small, with long and narrow ears stretching out from
its bald head, like that of a monkey. Its height was below that of a human, let alone
the giant, orc, or ogre who named themselves earlier.
According to the lecture he received from Critter‟ before diving, there was only one
law in this Dark Territory. In short, the strong reign. In that case, what strength
allowed the goblins who appeared powerless in every sense to stand on an equal
footing with the other races?
Despite how they were the weakest infantry units beneath the orcs at any rate,
Gabriel peered into the mountain goblin‟s face with slight interest and realized the
answer to his question with a hmm. There was a vehement hunger swirling within
the unsightly demi-human‟s beady eyes.
Right after the chief of the mountain goblins finished its salutations, similar
squeaks came from the demi-human sitting beside who differed only in skin tone.
“Outrageous! We will be ten times as useful compared to them, Your Majesty!
Kubiri, chief of the plains goblins, humbly at your service!”
“What was you, you bunch of slug-eaters! Have your heads turned to mush from
how sodden your lands are?!!”
“The same goes to you, have your brains dried up with the sun shining down on
them?!!”
Before the noses of the two who began squabbling—
Shot out blue sparks with a crack and the goblin chiefs jumped back with shrieks.
“—If I may remind the both of you, you are before His Majesty the Emperor.”
136 | P a g e

Sword Art Online Vol. 15 – Alicization Invading
Chapter 17 –Dark Territory

The one who lowered her raised hand with that bewitching voice was a young
woman clad in revealing clothing. The sparks flew from her fingertips as they
rubbed together like the flint on a lighter.
Swaying up, she bent her hips as though to put her voluptuous body and captivating
looks on display before giving a mannered bow. Even Gabriel could understand
how Vassago felt, whistling softly on his right.
Her skin, the shade of café au lait and glistening as though oiled, was covered
minimally with black enamel leather. She wore stiletto boots narrow as needles. A
fur mantle shining black and silver was on her back and her platinum blonde hair
flowed down to her waist above it.
Her eyeshadow and lipstick were light blue, and those blue eyes that were just as
vivid narrowed coquettishly as she named herself.
“I am the head of the dark arts user guild, Dee Ai El. The three thousand art users
under me and I devote all of our minds and bodies to you, Your Majesty.”
Though her actions and voice were charming indeed, Gabriel simply nodded coolly,
unaffected by sexual urges as he was.
The witch who called herself Dee blinked her eyes and apparently considered
supplementing her words, but gave a silent bow before returning to kneeling.
Gabriel thought that wise as he shifted his sight to look down upon the final general
unit.
The man who quietly bowed was in the prime of his life, boasting an outstanding
physique for a human.
The pitch-black armor covering his entire body shone dully with countless scratches
carved into it. A shallow scar could be seen running from his brow to the bridge of
his nose on his lowered face.
The man let out his voice without raising his head in a grating baritone.
“Dark Knight Commander, Viksul Ur Shasta. Before I dedicate my sword to you,
Your Majesty… I have a question.”
137 | P a g e

Sword Art Online Vol. 15 – Alicization Invading
Chapter 17 –Dark Territory

The man finally lifted his face and on it, Gabriel saw a grimness resembling those
rare «true soldiers» he met before.
The knight, Shasta, stared at Gabriel with a sort of conviction in his eyes absent
from the previous nine generals who named themselves while continuing in an even
lower voice.
“Where do Your Majesty‟s ambitions lie to return to the throne in these times?”
I see—this is certainly no mere program.
Internally considering how he ought to always keep that in mind, Gabriel replied
indifferently as the ruthless emperor.
“Bloodshed and terror. Arson and destruction. Death and screams.”
The generals‟ expressions drew tight the moment Gabriel‟s voice streamed out, stiff
like machined steel.

138 | P a g e

Sword Art Online Vol. 15 – Alicization Invading
Chapter 17 –Dark Territory

Looking at the ten faces in turn, Gabriel then waved his fur mantle and pointed his
right arm, high, towards the western skies.
Words filled with a false desire for conquest shot from his mouth nearly
autonomously.
“…The «Great Gate» that protects the western lands brimming with strength of the
gods who oust‟d me from the Celestial World crumbles on even now. I have
return‟d… to make mine authority known to all who inhabit the lands!”
He received as detailed a lecture as possible from Critter regarding the «final load
test» approaching in a week‟s time inside. Following those details, he continued his
speech in that theatrical tone.
“The Human Empire will truly belong to us, the ones of the darkness, when the
Great Gate shatters! I seek only one, she who appears in those lands then, the
«goddesses medium»! I shall permit slaughter and pillage for all other humans as
thine wills take you! „Tis the time the ones of the darkness have awaited—‟tis the
promis‟d time!!”
The air turned still with silence—
Broken by shrill, savage roars.
“Giiiii!! Killl! White iums, kill them allllll!!”
It was the orc chief who shrieked while its feet wriggled, its beady eyes seething
with lust and resentment. The goblin chiefs followed with their arms raised in
unison immediately after.
“Hooooouu!! War!! War!!”
“Ura——!! War, war——!!”
The war cries spread to the other generals and the officers behind them before long.
The black robes in the assassin guild swayed with their bodies as thin as sticks
while the women in the dark arts user guild let out merry cries along with sparks of
all colors.
140 | P a g e

Sword Art Online Vol. 15 – Alicization Invading
Chapter 17 –Dark Territory

Within the gigantic hall filled full with primitive, unrefined voices—
That knight named Shasta alone stayed kneeling without a single movement as
Gabriel noticed.
He could not tell from that armored figure, still as a sculpture, whether it stemmed
from militaristic restraint or some sort of emotion.

***
“To think you had such a talent, bro! Shouldn‟t you have become an actor instead?”
Gabriel snorted in reply to Vassago who threw a bottle of wine while smirking.
“I merely did as necessary. It would be best if you learn how to give a similar speech
too. You are a step above them in the hierarchy, after all.”
Popping the caught bottle‟s cork off with his fingertip, he held some of the rubycolored fluid in his mouth before considering whether that counted as drinking on
duty.
As for Vassago, he downed what appeared like a top-quality antique in a manner
akin to chugging down beer as though stating that it would be a waste not to drink
it, and then brusquely wiped his mouth before replying.
“Rather than giving orders or speeches, I would rather lead the attack. We got this
rare chance to dive into this amazing VR world and all, ya know… I can‟t think of
this wine or its bottle as anything but real.”
“In exchange, you‟ll hurt when cut and bleed too. There is no pain absorber at work
here, after all.”
“Ain‟t that the good part?”
Shrugging his shoulders at the grinning Vassago, Gabriel returned the bottle to the
table and stood from the sofa.
141 | P a g e

Sword Art Online Vol. 15 – Alicization Invading
Chapter 17 –Dark Territory

The emperor‟s living quarters on the top floor of Obsidia Palace was far wider than
that executive room in the headquarters of Glowgen DS and massive windows
allowed an unobstructed night view of the town around the palace. Though the
lights and colors paled in comparison to San Diego, it made up for that with how it
was pulled out from fantasy.
The ten generals who called themselves lords have left the palace to prepare for war
and the flames of the transport troops carrying out supplies from the warehouses
moved through the main street without pause. The head of the economic guild in
charge of supplies was ordered to use up all of the rations and equipment stored in
the palace, so the solders should not suffer from starvation or cold.
Taking his eyes off the countless lights, Gabriel walked towards a corner of the
room and touched the purple crystal pane—the system console—installed there with
his hand.
Deftly running through the menu, he pressed the button to call out to external
observers. The temporal acceleration rate decreased and following the odd
sensation as the rates were matched, Critter‟s fast speech streamed out from the
screen.
“Commander!? We‟ve only just sent Vassago and you off and returned to the main
control room, Commander!!”
“It‟s already the first night here. Though I understand, temporal acceleration is a
strange thing, isn‟t it? We will be proceeding as planned for the time being. The
units‟ preparation will be completed within a day or two and the march towards the
Human Empire is scheduled to begin in two days.”
“Brilliant. Remember, once you secure «Alice» herself, bring her there and go
through the ejection process for the main control room. «Alice»‟s light cube will be
ours then. Also, please drill this into that idiot Vassago.”
It seemed Critter‟s voice reached his ears as a short curse could be heard from
behind.

142 | P a g e

Sword Art Online Vol. 15 – Alicization Invading
Chapter 17 –Dark Territory

“As we currently have no administrator rights, we cannot reset accounts. In other
words, neither you, Commander, nor Vassago can use those super accounts again
once you die on that side. You‟ll really have to start over as a recruit at that point,
you hear!”
“Aah… understood. I will refrain from heading out to the front lines at present.
Have the JSDF acted?”
“Nothing at the moment. It seems they haven‟t noticed your diving in yet.”
“Good. I will cut communications, then. I will like to set our next comms to be after
securing Alice.”
“Understood, I‟ll look forward to that.”
With the communication window closed, the acceleration rate reverted with that
sense of slight disconcertion.
Vassago was still muttering curses while fighting against the armor‟s fasteners, but
eventually threw all of the metallic equipment onto the floor and stood up dressed
in a leather shirt and trousers.
“Ermm, bro, if I said I wanted to go play around downtown… guess it‟ll be a no,
wouldn‟t it.”
“Hold yourself back for the time being. I‟ll get you a night after the operation‟s
over.”
“Got it. No killing or women, huh… Then I‟ll be a good boy and get some sleep. I‟ll
use that room.”
Vassago disappeared into the connecting bedroom with his joints creaking and
Gabriel let out a breath as well and removed the jeweled crown from his forehead.
Leaving the exaggerated mantle and gown on the sofa too, he hurled the sword atop
them.
In the VR games he played thus far, removing equipment would return them to the
inventory, but it appeared there was no such convenient feature in this world.
143 | P a g e

Sword Art Online Vol. 15 – Alicization Invading
Chapter 17 –Dark Territory

Living for even a month in room would render it to a dismal state at this rate, but
they would set out from this palace in a couple of days and return next only to log
out, after all.
Upon opening the door facing that which Vassago vanished into while unbuttoning
his shirt, Gabriel—narrowed his eyes in surprise.
At the side of the grandiose bed in this bedroom which was just as enormous was a
small prostrating silhouette.
He recalled ordering for no one, not even servants, to go above the palace‟s throne
room. How could there be any capable of disobeying a god‟s orders?
Though he considered for a moment to return and take his sword, Gabriel went
ahead and stepped into the bedroom and closed the door behind him.
“…Who are you.”
He curtly asked for the person‟s identity.
The reply was in a slightly husky, feminine voice.
“…I was entrusted as your attendant for tonight.”
“Oh?”
Raising an eyebrow, he crossed straight through the dim bedroom towards the bed.
The two hands against the floor belonged to a young woman clad in flimsy clothing.
Her ash-blue hair was bound up high and secured by an ornate ribbon. The faintly
visible lines of her body revealed no presence of any sort of weapon.
“On whose orders?”
He questioned while sitting onto the glossy silk sheets and the woman replied in a
hushed voice after a momentary pause.
“No… I am merely here bound by such a duty.”
“I see.”
144 | P a g e

Sword Art Online Vol. 15 – Alicization Invading
Chapter 17 –Dark Territory

Gabriel turned his eyes away and laid himself down onto the center of the bed with
a thud.
The woman stood seconds later and silently slithered to his right.
“I beg your pardon…”
The whispering woman‟s face possessed an exotic beauty that amazed even Gabriel.
Though her skin was dark, there was a nobility present around her cheekbones
typical of Northern Europe.
A sort of emotion came over Gabriel as he looked up at the woman who was about
to gently pull away her sheer clothes and remove the ribbon binding her hair.
Could an artificial fluct light go this far?
Was even this woman incomplete as a true AI? If that was so, what heights had
Alice reached in her state of completeness?
What moved Gabriel‟s heart was not the woman‟s act of giving up her body.
Rather—
It was that sharp knife raised up high, drawn from within the woman‟s undulating
hair, as his foresight told him.
Catching her right arm with ample composure, Gabriel‟s other hand flashed as it
nimbly gripped her slender neck and pulled it down onto the bed.
“Kh…!!”
The woman ground her teeth while continuing her struggle to force the knife
forward. Her strength was more than expected, but still too little to trouble Gabriel.
He sealed her movement, locking her dominant arm with his right hand and gently
digging his right thumb into her windpipe.
Even as her face warped with intense pain, the determination in the woman‟s ashen
eyes remained unfaded. The awkwardness of the cosmetics on her ferocious
expression and the state of her muscles led to doubts that she was a professional
assassin. In that case, the turncoat was not the one named Fu Za who managed the
145 | P a g e

Sword Art Online Vol. 15 – Alicization Invading
Chapter 17 –Dark Territory

assassins, but one of the other nine generals—likely one among the human
generals.
Closing in to the woman‟s face, Gabriel asked the same question as earlier.
“On whose orders?”
The deep, hoarse answer was the same as before.
“By my own… will.”
“Then, who is your superior?”
“……I have none.”
“Hmm.”
Gabriel pondered like a machine, without any trace of emotion.
The breakthrough «Rath» aimed for, to exceed that boundary of artificial fluct
lights. That referred to the incapability to oppose law, regulations, and orders from
some superior being.
Compared to the inhabitants of the Human Empire, bound by countless laws, the
residents of the Dark Territory appeared to always exercise their freedom, but in
reality, they differed in no way. It looked like freedom merely because the law
passed down onto the fluct lights on this side numbered only one.
That law was to «plunder with strength». A world of survival of the fittest where
those strong in combat rule over the weak. It seemed that even without Gabriel‟s
intervention, Rath planned to have the Human Empire that believed in order and
the land of darkness filled with chaos clash and use the resulting war as a catalyst
for their next breakthrough had their experiments proceeded.
However, by whatever reason, a fluct light that broke through that limit was born in
the Human Empire before their plans proceeded to that point. There was no
information regarding a similar fluct light originating from the land of darkness
from the insider in Rath.
146 | P a g e

Sword Art Online Vol. 15 – Alicization Invading
Chapter 17 –Dark Territory

That was to say, the soul of this woman who planned to assassinate the emperor
with a single knife, too, must be bound by that absolute law. Despite that, she
would not reveal her master‟s name even after Gabriel asked, no, ordered. If that
was the case, this woman was effectively prioritizing her loyalty to her master over
the orders of Gabriel, both emperor and god. In other words, she believed her
master to be stronger than the emperor.
It appeared there was a need for an opportunity to properly display his might to the
generals and executive units and have them acknowledge Gabriel—Emperor
Vector—as the world‟s strongest existence. However, he could not very well
slaughter all of the generals. How could he go about it?
—No.
Either way, he had to get rid of one among the generals. The one who inspired the
will for assassination in this woman.
How could he smoke that traitor out? Should he contact Critter again and have him
monitor the general units from the outside? No, that would require the temporal
acceleration to be set to the same as the real world and waste that precious time
there.
Now then—
Processing that far in an instant, Gabriel once again stared into those eyes in the
color of steel.
“Why do you seek my life? To amass wealth? A promise of territory?”
He asked without much concern. However, the immediate reply was entirely
beyond his expectations.

147 | P a g e

Sword Art Online Vol. 15 – Alicization Invading
Chapter 17 –Dark Territory

“For justice!”
“Oh…?”
“If a war starts now, we will be set back a hundred, no, two hundred years! The time
where the powerless are oppressed must not return!!”
Slight surprise came over Gabriel yet again.
Was this woman truly at the stage before that breakthrough? If that was the case,
was it her master who spoke those words?
Gabriel leaned his face in and stared into her ashen eyes up close.
Determination. Loyalty. And the emotion hidden deep within……
Ah, that makes sense.
He had no further need for this woman, then. To be specific, he had no further need
for this woman‟s fluct light.
Gabriel abided by the judgement he passed and nonchalantly added strength to his
left hand, gripping the woman‟s neck, so that she would not let out any more of
those meaningless words.
He could hear and feel her neck bones creaking. Silent screams left her mouth with
her two eyes wide open.
Gabriel tasted a different variant of surprise even as he held her struggling limbs
down tight and strangled her neck without mercy.
Was this really a virtual world? The sensation of sinews and cartilage breaking
apart transmitted to his left hand stimulated his five senses more vividly than in the
real world alongside the dread and pain radiating from her exposed skin.
Trembling unconsciously, he drew his left hand close on reflex.
Crack. The unknown woman‟s neck bones crumbled with that dull noise.
And Gabriel saw it.
149 | P a g e

Sword Art Online Vol. 15 – Alicization Invading
Chapter 17 –Dark Territory

From the brow of the woman who closed her eyes tight as she endured the pain—
gushed out a light shining in rainbow colors.
This was unmistakably what he saw then—the moment the young Alicia‟s life
ended—that soul cloud.
Gabriel opened his mouth widely in that instant and sucked in the woman‟s soul
without missing any of it.
Bitterness, from fear and pain.
Sourness, of chagrin and sorrow.
Succeeding those two, an indescribable divine nectar engulfed Gabriel‟s tongue.
Hazy scenes flickered behind his shut eyelids.
Young children playing in the front yard of a decrepit two-story building. There
were humans, goblins, and orcs. The children looked this way and charged in with
their hands extended, their faces gleaming.
As that image disappeared, he then saw a man‟s upper body. An embrace in his
broad chest, trained to its limit, warm and firm.
[I love… you… Your Excellency……]
A voice sounded out faintly, echoed, and departed.
Even after everything faded away, Gabriel‟s strong grip on the woman‟s husk
remained.
Marvelous. What a marvelous experiment.
Though much of his consciousness quivered in ecstasy, Gabriel inferred the logic
behind the phenomenon with some of what sense he had left over.
The light cube storing the woman‟s fluct light and Gabriel‟s own fluct light were
connected through the STL. As such, their Life, when her Life, her hit points,
turned to zero, the fragments of her deallocated quantum data might have went
upstream through the circuit.
150 | P a g e

Sword Art Online Vol. 15 – Alicization Invading
Chapter 17 –Dark Territory

However, that theory no longer mattered. He had replicated that phenomenon he
spent his life seeking at last. He had tasted all of that final emotion the woman held
on the verge of death—love. That was just like a heavenly nectar sprinkling onto a
desolated desert.
More.
He needed more.
He needed to kill more.
Gabriel threw his body back and let loose silent, raucous laughter.

***
Gabriel gazed over the ten generals and their respective executives, lined up orderly
and bowing low with respect once again, with satisfaction.
As ordered, they had completed the preparation for marching within two days. In a
sense, these general units might be superior to those people residing on the
directors‟ floor in Glowgen DS‟s headquarters.
He thought them fit enough to be considered complete. That ability to handle work
without complaint and that loyalty. What more could one want for an AI installed
on a robot for war?
That said, he had to keep in mind that the generals‟ loyalty was the reason for that
issue regarding artificial fluct lights that Rath was so fixated with. The great law
imprinted into their souls, the strongest shall rule, was what made these ten obey
the emperor, Gabriel, no, Vector. That also meant it would not be unnatural for any
of them to betray the emperor the moment they develop doubt in his might.
That concern had already been realized.
The female assassin who sneaked into his bedroom two nights ago.
151 | P a g e

Sword Art Online Vol. 15 – Alicization Invading
Chapter 17 –Dark Territory

That woman tried to kill the most powerful, the emperor. There must have been a
master she thought superior to Gabriel in her heart. That person she called «Your
Excellency» in her final words. And that person was almost certainly among the ten
generals lined up before his eyes.
In her eyes, her own master overpowered Emperor Vector. If that was the case,
there was a high possibility this Your Excellency had not truly swore fealty to
Gabriel. If he went to the battlefield with such a unit under his command, he might
even be assassinated in his sleep, however slight the chance might be.
Hence, the final mission before setting out for the front lines would be to smoke out
and execute this Your Excellency from among the ten.
And at the same time, the remaining nine would recognize the might of the
emperor. The balance of power would be forever carved into their fluct lights.
At this point, Gabriel Miller had not considered in the slightest being beaten—
losing in a one-versus-one fight—by any of the ten units under his eyes. The beliefs
that the Underworld was no more than a VR world, a direct successor to games, and
that the units in it were all mere NPCs were still entrenched in him.

***
The words of his master surfaced in Dark Knight Viksul Ur Shasta‟s mind as he
knelt with his head lowered. The memory was from over twenty years in the past, in
the Order of the Dark Knights‟s training area.
[—The master of my own died instantly with his head lopped off. My master had his
chest gouged into and fell on the way back to the palace. I lost an arm, but returned
alive as you can see. Not that it is anything to brag about.”
Sitting upright on the floor shining with black luster, his master showed Shasta his
right arm, cleanly severed from the elbow, as he spoke. It hurt simply looking at the
wound, wrapped in bandages with the blood stopped with medicine.
152 | P a g e

Sword Art Online Vol. 15 – Alicization Invading
Chapter 17 –Dark Territory

The one who made that wound a mere three days ago was the longtime enemy of
the dark knights and the world‟s strongest swordsman, or perhaps its worst
monster—the Integrity Knight Commander himself, Bercouli Synthesis One.
[Do you understand what this implies, Viksul?]
At roughly twenty back then, Shasta could do nothing but to tilt his head in
confusion. His master returned his severed arm into the bosom of his clothes, shut
his eyes, and murmured.
[I‟ve caught up, at long last.”
[Caught up—with him, you mean?]
A tinge of disbelief found itself into the young Shasta‟s words. That was how
overwhelming Bercouli‟s swordsmanship was. The chill that struck him in the back
like an ice pillar the moment he saw his master‟s right arm trace a line of fresh
blood as it flew up high had not disappeared even after three days.
[I will turn fifty this year. But still, I do not believe I have yet mastered how to hold
the sword, let alone swing it. In all likelihood, that will remain so in the next five or
ten years before I drop dead.]
His master spoke softly.
[…Our brief lives cannot possibly reach where he got after living for over two
hundred years. I hate to admit it, but I had given up inside up until the moment I
crossed swords with him. However, now that I had lost unsightly and fled back, I
know those were not mistakes. They weren‟t for nothing… My master and the rest
of the masters thus far have not continued challenging that man for nothing. —
Viksul, what is the apex of swordsmanship?]
Shasta instinctively gave an answer to the sudden question.
[The «unconscious blade».]
[Yes. To unite with one‟s sword through many years of training, and cut, draw, and
even move without conscious thought for the sake of one slash; that is the apex of
swordsmanship. I was taught so by my master and I had taught you so, too. But you
153 | P a g e

Sword Art Online Vol. 15 – Alicization Invading
Chapter 17 –Dark Territory

see… Viksul, it was wrong. There is more. I understood that, being cut by that
monster.]
A faint hue of excitement ran through his master‟s aged features. Shasta, too,
leaned forward without noticing while still sitting upright.
[More… you say?]
[The opposite of unconscious. A resolute conviction. The power of one‟s will,
Viksul.]
His master strongly waved his right arm, severed above the elbow, without warning.
[Look at it. I had cut down from the right at that point. It was a truly unconscious
slash, the fastest my sword had been in my life. I must have taken the initiative over
Bercouli at the start.]
[Yes… I thought so as well.]
[But, but you see. Originally, he would be on the defensive with his sword deflected
by mine, but instead, he pushed mine back and cut away this arm. …Can you
believe it, Viksul? His sword did not even touch mine in that moment!]
Shasta turned speechless and shook his head awkwardly.
[How… how could that…]
[It is the truth. It was almost as if the trajectory of his slash was averted by some
unseen power. That was no art. Neither was it the armament full control art. I can
offer no other explanation for that phenomenon. My unconscious blade was
defeated by his willpower, trained up over two hundred years. He pictured the path
of his sword so strongly that it became unchangeable reality!]
Shasta could not immediately trust his master‟s words.
It was beyond belief that something intangible like the might of one‟s willpower
could repel a heavy, hard sword with its irrefutable presence.
It appeared Shasta‟s master predicted his response. Abruptly straightening his
sitting posture, he quietly ordered atop the floorboards shining black.
154 | P a g e

Sword Art Online Vol. 15 – Alicization Invading
Chapter 17 –Dark Territory

[Viksul, I shall impart upon you the final secret of the sword. —Cut me.]
[Wha… what are you saying?! You even got through that…]
With your life intact; Shasta could not help but to keep those words unsaid. There
was a sudden, intense glint in his master‟s eyes.
[I have to be cut down by you with our lives interconnected. Now that I have lost to
him in a single strike, you do not consider me to be the strongest any longer. If I
live, you cannot fight against him on equal grounds. You, too, must cut, no, kill me
and stand where he… Bercouli does!!]
Finishing those words, his master stood and adopting a stance akin to wielding a
sword with that missing right arm.
[Now, stand! Draw your sword, Viksul!!]
Shasta slashed his master and ended that life.
With that, he learned the meaning behind his master‟s words with his body.
Sparks scattered wildly when Shasta‟s sword crossed the unseen blade held in his
master‟s right arm—that sword named willpower—and it really did tear into his
cheek, leaving behind a gash that would never disappear.
Though wet with tears and fresh blood, The young Shasta stood at the first step of
the secret surpassing the «unconscious blade», the «incarnate blade».
And the years flowed on—to five years ago.
Shasta was finally challenged by the bitter enemy of the dark knights, Integrity
Knight Commander Bercouli. At the age of thirty-seven, he felt his sword reach its
limit.
His master returned alive at the cost of an arm, but Shasta had no intention of
returning alive if he lost. After all, Shasta had made no disciples for the sake of
succeeding himself. He had no desire to have some youth shoulder the fate of
155 | P a g e

Sword Art Online Vol. 15 – Alicization Invading
Chapter 17 –Dark Territory

cutting down his or her master and being cut down by his or her disciple. He
decided to sever that link stained with blood at the cost of his life.
The sword laced with all of his determination and resolution, the «power of
incarnation», clashed against Bercouli‟s initial strike head-on without being
deflected. But Shasta had already predicted his defeat by that point. He doubted his
capability to execute another slash of similar weight.
However, Bercouli laughed openly and whispered with their swords crossed.
[Your swordsmanship‟s great. A sword clotted with the intent to kill could never
take on my sword. Chew on that thought and come back in another five years, boy.]
And the integrity knight commander widened the distance between them before
calmly taking his leave. For some reason, he could not bring himself to cut him
down from behind despite how it appeared so full of openings.
It took a long time before he understand what Bercouli implied. But now, five years
later, he felt like he understood. Shasta would have likely lost in that clash if his
blade was ladened with nothing but blood thirst and hatred. Though it was merely
once, his strike was an equal match only because of that resolution hidden in his
chest, surpassing even his murderous urges.
In other words—his gratitude towards his predecessors who passed down
techniques at the cost of their lives and his prayers for the youth succeeding
himself.
That was why Shasta decided to begin negotiations for peace immediately after
receiving news of the highest minister‟s death. He had the confidence that Bercouli
would definitely accept such a proposal.
For the same reason—
He had to personally take the head of Emperor Vector who descended onto Obsidia
Palace all of a sudden with that tyrannical decision to initiate war.
Even as he knelt with his head lowered, Shasta refined the willpower to be set on
the blade certain to take his life.
156 | P a g e

Sword Art Online Vol. 15 – Alicization Invading
Chapter 17 –Dark Territory

The emperor, revived after going missing for hundreds of years, was a young man
with pale skin and blonde hair just like a human of the Human Empire. Neither his
physique nor his features demonstrated much power either.
However, only those two eyes of the emperor, too vividly blue, showed him to be no
commoner. There was nothing in them. They were bottomless voids, sucking in all
light. This man was hiding some vile craving.
If the emperor‟s void were to absorb his refined power of incarnation entirely, his
sword would not reach.
Dark General Shasta will probably die then. However, his intentions should be
inherited by those succeeding him.
His only lingering regret was that he could not convey his decision to Lipia as she
did not show up at his room last night. Was she worked to the bone with her duties
for the departure, or perhaps making an appearance at her precious «home»?
If he revealed his plan to cut the emperor to her, she might have had insisted on
accompanying him. Hence, this might have been for the best.
Shasta slowly drew in a breath and held it.
Lowering his waist, he softly touched his cherished sword left on the floor with the
fingertips on his left hand.
There were fifteen mel to the throne. Two steps to reach.
None must know of his initial movement. He must draw unconsciously.
He poured the power of incarnation, sharpened to its limit, into his sword from his
fingers. And he became air.
His left hand grabbed the sword‟s sheath——
But before he could.
The emperor casually spoke in his hard and smooth voice that resembled glass.

157 | P a g e

Sword Art Online Vol. 15 – Alicization Invading
Chapter 17 –Dark Territory

“Incidentally, a person sneak‟d into my bedroom the night before last. With hair
hiding a knife.”
Hushed astonishment rocked the air in the great hall.
Among the nine lords lined up to Shasta‟s left, one gulped softly, another groaned
deeply from the throat, and yet another shrank into that thick robe. Several cries of
surprise were raised from the line of executives held behind as well.
Shasta, too, was struck by shock. He went through his thoughts in an instant, his
posture still ready to go forth and cut.
Another came to the conclusion that the emperor should be eliminated. It must
have been an unfortunately failure judging from how the emperor was unharmed—
but just who among the nine called for the assassination?
It would not be the five demi-human lords. Even the smaller goblin races could not
possibly sneak past the guards‟ eyes into the top floor, let alone the giants, ogres,
and orcs.
If he were to look towards the four human lords, he could first eliminate the head of
the pugilists, the young Iskahn and the economic guild‟s head, Lengyel. Iskahn was
an impulsive and straightforward youngster with the sole aim of mastering bare fist
combat techniques and Lengyel would only start a war if it made him a tidy sum.
Seeing if the culprit had sneaked into that bedroom, the head of the assassin guild,
Fu Za, would be most fishy and in truth, he could not understand what went
through that man‟s mind, but that man would never use a knife.
What the assassin guild researched in earnest at the bottom of their dark pit was
neither arts nor swordsmanship, but a third power, poison. Those blessed in
neither arts usage authority nor weapon wielding authority banded together to live
on, forming Fu Za‟s tribe. They follow a standard methodology with their weapons
limited to needles coated in poison, concealed or shot from blowpipes. Knives were
not included.
By the same reasoning, he also had to exclude the head of the dark arts users
kneeling directly on his left, Dee Ai El. As ambition embodied, the woman seemed
158 | P a g e

Sword Art Online Vol. 15 – Alicization Invading
Chapter 17 –Dark Territory

likely to consider taking the emperor‟s head and climbing straight up to rule over
the Dark Empire, but assassins from Dee should use arts instead of knives.
However, that would mean none among the nine lords called for the assassination.
The one and only remaining was Dark Knight Commander Shasta himself.
But of course, he had no recollection of doing so. He had decided to eliminate the
emperor only by his own sword, staking his life on it. Forget ordering his
subordinates for an assassination, he had not talked about his hidden
determination even once—
No.
No…
She could not have.
Reaching that point in his thought in the span of a blink after the emperor spoke of
the assassin, Shasta felt his left hand in contact with his sword‟s scabbard turn
increasingly chilly.
His refined power of incarnation transformed in no time at all. To suspicion. To
unease. To dread. And, to an ominous certainty.
At almost the same time, Emperor Vector continued to the latter half of his words.
“I intend not to flush out the one who sent that assassin. I applaud that spirit of
exercising power to gain more. Thou art welcome to come at me whenever if thou
desire mine head.”
Glaring haughtily over the great hall immersed in a low clamor once more, the
emperor expressed what could be considered emotion for the first time with that
pale face—
“Naturally, I request thou prepare ample compensation for such a wager. For
example… this.”
Pulling his hand from his pitch-black long clothes, he nonchalantly made a signal.
159 | P a g e

Sword Art Online Vol. 15 – Alicization Invading
Chapter 17 –Dark Territory

And with that, the door made in the wall eastern of Shasta, beside the throne,
silently opened and a servant girl slowly walked in. A large silver tray, carefully held
up by her two hands, had something rectangular placed on it, but the black cloth
covering it obscured its identity.
The servant placed the silver tray before the throne, reverentially lowered her head
to the emperor, and left the room through the door once more.
In the silence strained thin, Emperor Vector reached out with the toes of his boots,
his lips in a somehow warped smile, and swept off the cloth covering the silver tray
as through trampling on it.
What Shasta, his entire being frozen, saw with his two eyes—
Was a clear ice cube, faintly blue.
And sealed within it, never to wake again, was the face of the woman he loved.
“Li… pi…”
-a. Shasta silently mouthed her name.
An endless, dark sensation of nihility filled his chest, erasing even the chill that
engulfed his body.
Shasta knew of the orphanage Dark Knight Lipia Zankale secretly managed. He
thought he saw hope for the future in Lipia‟s act of protecting and raising the
children who awaited only a death in the wilderness, their relatives lost, regardless
of their race.
That was why Shasta spoke of his ideals only to Lipia. That boundless dream where
the constant war with the Human Empire ended and they joined hands for a world
shared rather than fought over.
However, that ended up leading to Lipia‟s assassination on the emperor and the
consequential reveal of that tragic form. Though the emperor was the one who
murdered her—Shasta, too, did so. He was sure of that.

160 | P a g e

Sword Art Online Vol. 15 – Alicization Invading
Chapter 17 –Dark Territory

An immense tempest of regret and self-condemnation blew through Shasta‟s hollow
chest, concentrated into a brief moment.
It took no time at all for that to transform into a single dark emotion.
blood thirst.
Kill. He would kill that man sitting on the throne with his legs crossed, that faint
smile on his face, whatever it took.
Even if he had to give up on his life and the future of the Dark Territory hereafter.

***
Now then, which would turn out to be the problem?
With slight interest, Gabriel gazed over the ten leader units kneeling under his eyes.
The female assassin loved her master from the bottom of her heart. Having drank
in that emotion that resembled nectar of the gods released on her death, Gabriel
understood not just her yearning, but even the nature of the love her master
showed her—though merely as organized data.
Hence, he knew that person she called Your Excellency would definitely make a
move if he displayed her head. He would execute that traitor unit pointing a blade
towards him without mercy and heighten the remaining units‟ loyalties with fear.
Like in those simulation games he played in his spare time in the real world.
What a deplorable and delightful bunch.
Limited in intelligence despite possessing proper souls and on top of that, infinitely
replenishable no matter how many he slaughtered. The day the Underworld fell
into his hands, both its mainframe and its light cubes, would certainly be when he
satiates that hunger tormenting him since his childhood.
Placing a cheek against the arm he rested on the throne‟s armrest, Gabriel waited,
relaxed.
161 | P a g e

Sword Art Online Vol. 15 – Alicization Invading
Chapter 17 –Dark Territory

There was a whole fifteen meters from the units. He could face off an attack from
any weapon with the sword equipped on the left of his waist without issue.
of course, that was not enough against attacks ranging from system
calls to commands. However, Gabriel‟s insecurities were wiped away before he
logged in.
The super account, «Dark God Vector», was set up for Rath‟s staff to forcibly
intervene with the Dark Territory. As such, the HP known as Life was enormous,
the equipped sword was the strongest, and above all, Vector held the rule-breaking
trait of being unselectable for all sorts of commands from others.
Protected by all of those conditions,
Gabriel understood not, protected by all of those conditions, even as the knight in
pitch-black armor sitting at the left end of the ten units curled up his back.
He understood not, even as a faint shadow-like aura enveloped that entire body.
Not even when the knight grabbed the sheathed sword on the floor with his left
hand at the speed of lightning, head leaping up with that, and showed the two eyes
centered among those masculine features releasing crimson light that would not
belong on any human—
Did Gabriel understand at all what was happening.
He did not understand this world, while being a program running on a physical
server, was «grounded in reality» constructed by quantum bits the same as
humans‟ fluct lights.
He did not understand that as such, the pure yet intense blood thirst originating
from the dark knight could reach the STL Gabriel was hooked up to from his light
cube, through the main visualizer and the quantum transmission lines.

***

162 | P a g e

Sword Art Online Vol. 15 – Alicization Invading
Chapter 17 –Dark Territory

Shasta recognized only the emperor in the middle of his sight soaked in the shade
of blood.
His right arm moved faster than it ever had, and drew.
What was released from the scabbard, was not the familiar grey blade of the sacred
tool inherited from his master, the tachi, «Oborogasumi». As its name suggested,
thick mist resembling night fog surrounded its extremely long blade and twisted
into a swirl.
Though Shasta did not notice the logic behind the phenomenon was identical to the
integrity knight‟s ultimate technique, the armament full control art, inexplicable
even after long years of research, that no longer mattered to him.
“Kill!!”
Shasta swung his beloved sword, carrying all of his angry, hatred, and sorrow, with
a fleeting scream.
3
From the northern tip of the Human Empire to the ends of its eastern region.
This would be the first time Integrity Knight Alice and Amayori, born in the western
empire, visited the eastern empire, Eastabarieth, a land most mysterious even
among the four empires.
Rivers, blue as lapis lazuli, flowed swiftly through the gaps between jutting
strangely shaped rocks under her eyes. The towns and villages near the bank
sometimes appeared to be mainly built from lumber rather than stone like the
familiar northern side.
Most of those who looked up into the sky and pointed had black hair. The
recollection that Deputy Knight Commander Fanatio, who she simply could not get
along with, was born here suddenly sprang into her mind.

163 | P a g e

Sword Art Online Vol. 15 – Alicization Invading
Chapter 17 –Dark Territory

Returning her gaze forward, Alice saw Kirito, blankly gazing at the sky while
leaning against her as she grasped the reins, had pitch-black hair as well, and
considered the possibility that he could have been born here and might regain his
mind if she descended into town and let him come into contact with the people;
however, she currently had a need to reach her destination even a second faster.
It was the third day of their rushed journey, camping in remote places away from
the population at night, and having the fish Amayori caught along with the dried
fruits they carried for meals—
In the noon of the eleventh month‟s second day, the mountain range at the edge,
whose appearance alone remained unchanged from at the northern side, appeared
before them with a gorge made with vertical cuts so straight, it could only be the
work of the gods.
“…You can see it now, Kirito.”
Alice murmured and gently caressed the nape of her cherished dragon who she had
forced on this long journey while carrying a heavy load. Though the flying dragons
boasted of the highest Life among all living beings now that most of the magical
beasts have disappeared, it must have still been a major undertaking to fly while
burdened with two humans and three sacred tools. It seemed she had almost
exhausted the energy she stored up by living on a lavish diet of fish for half a year.
Upon snapping the reins while thinking to, at the very least, feed her plenty of her
favorite boiled mutton once they reached the camp site, Amayori responded with a
voice that revealed no sense of fatigue and strongly flapped her wings.
Though the gorge appeared like a narrow gap from afar, she noticed it was nothing
that simple as they approached.
The valley likely reached about a hundred mel in width. Wide enough for a large
army of orcs and ogres to march in rank.
At the grasslands that spread out, as though to envelop the whole entrance to the
valley that pierced right through the mountain, countless white tents were lined up
systematically, forming a large camp site. Smoke from cooking rose from one place
164 | P a g e

Sword Art Online Vol. 15 – Alicization Invading
Chapter 17 –Dark Territory

or another while the soldiers were training on the outskirts. The gleam from the
swords they swung and the spirit they exuded reached even the skies.
Though morale was not as low as she worried, the number of troops was still
despairingly low. A brief scan showed the total to be less than even three thousand.
On the other hand, the invading army from the Dark Territory was no less than fifty
thousand. Despite how only a miniscule percentage became soldiers or guards
when bestowed such sacred tasks in the Human Empire, everyone who could fight,
regardless of age or gender, was made a soldier beyond the mountain range.
Alice doubted anything about this situation would change with just the addition of
herself. What kinds of strategies for defense did Knight Commander Bercouli have
in mind…?
Alice first flew over the camp site in her contemplation and led her flying dragon
towards the gorge sunken in dim darkness.
“I am sorry, Amayori, please fly on for a little more.”
She called out so and the dragon responded with a kururuu immediately before the
light of Solus was obstructed by the mountain mass.
A chill that made her shiver enveloped her the moment they entered the gorge. The
walls of rock on the left and right rose so smoothly, she truly believed the gods must
have done it. She saw absolutely no vegetation, let alone wildlife.
After continuing to fly while decelerating for several minutes—
A ridiculously large structure finally showed itself before the lingering mist.
“This is… the «Great East Gate»……?”
The grey gate that rose up vertically likely measured at least three hundred mel tall.
Though lower than the Axiom Church‟s Central Cathedral that reached five
hundred mel, it was no less intimidating.
Most shocking was how it was carved from a single slab of stone, leaving no seam at
all between the left and right gates. She thought such a feat was impossible to
produce even by sacred arts, let alone by human hands. Though the greatest
165 | P a g e

Sword Art Online Vol. 15 – Alicization Invading
Chapter 17 –Dark Territory

structures the highest minister, Administrator, brought forth were the «immortal
walls» splitting Central Capital Centoria into four, each of those connecting walls
was far smaller than these doors.
This great gate was placed here by the gods when the world began. In order to
divide the Human Empire and the land of darkness—and to bring about tragedy
three hundred and several tens of years later.
“Stop, Amayori.”
The flying dragon halted in the air and Alice looked up at the gate again from up
close.
Something was written in sacred script around two hundred mel above ground
where stone slabs forming the left and right gates joined.
“Destruct… at… the last stage…”
Though she managed to sound out one line among many, she did not understand its
meaning.
It was when she tilted her head. A tremendous shattering noise suddenly shook the
air and shocked both Alice and Amayori. Stroking the dragon‟s nape, she stared
hard and saw a thin crack carved into the gate, like a flashing of jet-black lightning,
which was smooth just a moment earlier.
The crack which extended for tens of mel stopped at last and several rocks peeled
off from around it, vanishing into the bottom of the valley far below.
Raising her head, she once again focused on the giant gate. She then noticed that
cracks had run across almost the entire flat stone slab like stitches.
Lightly swinging the reins, Alice went as close to the gate astride her dragon as she
could.
Delicately stretching out her left hand and quickly drawing Stacia‟s seal in midair,
she softly knocked against the gate‟s surface.

166 | P a g e

Sword Art Online Vol. 15 – Alicization Invading
Chapter 17 –Dark Territory

The Great Eastern Gate‟s maximum and current Life were recorded on the purple
«window» that floated out.
The number on the left was the largest even among the many Life values she had
witnessed—an enormous value above three million. However, the number shown
on the right was not even a thousandth of that at 2985. While staring at that
dumbfounded, she saw the current value decrease by one before her eyes.
Alice counted the time until the number dropped again while sweat formed on her
palm. And she estimated how long it would take for its Life to fully run out.
“…It couldn‟t…”
Unable to believe the answer her own head derived, Alice muttered.
“…Five days… there are only five days left……?”
The Great Gate that solemnly divided the two worlds for over three hundred years
would crumble in merely five days—could that actually happen?
Selka‟s brilliant smile, the elderly Garitta‟s wrinkled face, and the sullen face
belonging to her father, Gasupht, passed through her mind one after another. Mere
days had passed since she drove away the goblins assaulting them and sealed the
cave with ice. She had believed Rulid would stay peaceful for the time being with
that.
If the Great Gate were to collapse in five days and the defense army was unable to
hold up to the advancing forces of darkness, the Human Empire will be flooded
with monsters thirsting for blood. The waves would reach the northern region
before long and swallow up Rulid Village.
“I have… I have to do something…”
Alice unconsciously drew the reins closer while muttering incoherently. Separating
from the Great Gate on the verge of collapsing, Amayori ascended with a slow flap
of her wings.
Upon reaching the top of the gate, towering three hundred mel tall, she hovered
once more.
167 | P a g e

Sword Art Online Vol. 15 – Alicization Invading
Chapter 17 –Dark Territory

The gorge splitting the mountain range extended straight beyond the gate just like
on the side of the Human Empire. However, it was not blue skies and verdant
grasslands that stretched out there, but skies dyed in the shade of blood and the
Dark Territory‟s wastelands that appeared sprinkled with cinders.
Tearing her eyes from the ominous scene, Alice abruptly squinted.
She saw light flickering on the barely visible blackened earth.
Making Amayori ascend further, she focused her eyes. There were more than a
single light. Though irregularly arranged, they extended on as far as she could see.
Those were campfires.
It was a camp site. The vanguards for the forces of darkness were lying in wait in
great numbers right before her eyes. Awaiting that moment the gate crumbles and
opens the path to the Human Empire.
“Another… five days…”
Alice hoarsely muttered once more.
Her flying dragon turned about immediately after. She thought she would be
swallowed by uneasiness and cut down by a single enemy line if she continued
staring into the legion of camp fires.
Even so, she held confidence she could slaughter one or two hundred of their
infantry if they consisted of goblins or orcs. However, if it would not be as simple if
there was a battalion of ogre archers or dark arts users in the enemy line.
Even if the integrity knights could match a thousand, that power came solely from
each of them. They would not get out unscathed if ranged attacks were
concentrated on them beyond where their swords and arts could reach and even
minor wounds could rob them of all their Life when accumulated. That was the
exact, greatest weakness of the Order of the Integrity Knights—and consequently,
the defense of the Human Empire—that Knight Commander Bercouli feared
throughout his many years.

168 | P a g e

Sword Art Online Vol. 15 – Alicization Invading
Chapter 17 –Dark Territory

The highest minister, Administrator, where all of their war potential went, was
already deceased and the mountain of equipment hoarded in the cathedral had
already been distributed to the defense army. However, there was far too little time
left. If they had at least ten thousand troops, or a year of preparation—
Shaking away her futile thoughts with a sigh, Alice issued Amayori instructions to
descend.
The meadow in the middle of the defense army‟s camp site was vastly vacated.
Seeing as there was a gigantic tent beside it, that was unmistakably the landing field
for flying dragons.
Descending in an arc, Amayori turned her long neck towards the tent with her four
talons barely touching the green undergrowth and sounded out a
fawning kururuu from her throat.
A slightly deeper voice immediately replied. It must be her brother, Takiguri. Alice
leapt down onto the meadow while carrying Kirito the moment the dragon came to
a stop and detached the heavy luggage from her two feet. Amayori stampeded
towards the tent the moment she was done and rub her head against her brother‟s
which peeked out from under the thick cloth.
Though it made Alice smile unwittingly, she noticed footsteps approaching from
behind and straightened her expression in a fluster. Putting the hem of her plain
skirt in order, she swept her hair, disheveled by the wind, behind her back.
A familiar man‟s voice rang through the landing field before she could turn back.
“Master! My master, Alice-sama!! I believed in you!!”
Slipping around in front of her while sliding over the grass was the integrity knight
she shared a parting drink with just ten days ago, Eldrie Synthesis Thirty-one.
Despite being in a camp, there was not even a speck on his undulating light purple
hair or his silver armor.
“…Looks like you have been well.”
169 | P a g e

Sword Art Online Vol. 15 – Alicization Invading
Chapter 17 –Dark Territory

Eldrie was overcome with emotion and about to reply, undaunted by Alice‟s blunt
reply, but his lips came to a sudden stop.
He noticed the black-haired young man supported in Alice‟s left arm.
With a side of his cheek stiffening, the young knight threw his head back greatly
and groaned as though in disbelief.
“You brought him… haven‟t you? Why?”
Alice, too, held her head as high as she could and replied.
“Naturally. I swore to protect him.”
“S-Still… we integrity knights must stand as the vanguards when battle begins.
What are your intentions when crossing swords with the enemies? You could not
possibly be thinking of carrying him while doing so?”
“I shall should the need arise.”
Alice pulled back her right foot slightly as though hiding Kirito‟s gaunt body, unable
to stand on his own, from Eldrie‟s eyes. However, small groups of the resting
soldiers and lower ranking integrity knights around the landing field had gathered
before long and turned gazes of suspicion on Alice and Kirito who stood close
together.
Eldrie released a sharp rebuttal, eclipsing the waves of chatter.
“You must not, master! With all due respect, allow me to state that fighting while
ladened with that useless burden might not only halve your capability with the
sword, but also expose yourself to danger! With regards to the looming battle,
Alice-sama…”
Cutting off his words for a moment, he pointed at the surrounding soldiers with his
dazzling silver gauntlet.
“…Has the responsibility of leading them into battle! You must be able to display
your full might!”
170 | P a g e

Sword Art Online Vol. 15 – Alicization Invading
Chapter 17 –Dark Territory

It was sound. However, she could not simply accept it. Alice firmly grinded her
molars and searched for the words to explain how she felt them to be just as
important—both fighting for the Human Empire and protecting Kirito.
At the same time, she felt some surprise at her disciple‟s fervent speech.
He showed clear change since the time before when Alice taught him the sword in
the Central Cathedral. Eldrie then practically worshipped Alice and would never
talk back no matter what she said. The mysterious «gods of the outside world» had
applied a seal in the right eye of every human in this world and made them utterly
unable to oppose the law or those superior. As far as Alice knew, the only ones who
broke that seal were the now-deceased Blue Rose swordsman, Eugeo, and she
herself. Not even the two who boasted of authority equal to the gods, the highest
minister, Administrator, and the sage, Cardinal, were able to oppose that seal in the
end.
Eldrie must be still under the influence of that seal. Despite that, he had escaped
from his previous blind obedience—though it might not be too clear if he was truly
opposing Alice‟s words. He had his own thoughts and expressed his own opinions.
The one who brought about that change was likely Kirito. And Eugeo.
Eldrie‟s souls must have greatly agitated by those two, the world‟s greatest rebels
and proud swordsmen, despite their brief encounter.
Now that she thought about it, her little sister, Selka, who lived in Rulid showed
displeasure for the village‟s unchanging laws and the stubbornness of those who
held power. There were also the two female students who ran out when Alice
arrested Kirito and Eugeo from the North Centoria Sword Mastery Academy. It
would have been usually impossible for such young girls to call for an integrity
knight to halt.
And of course—there was Alice herself.
Until the time she crossed swords with Kirito and fell to the walls outside the
cathedral with him, she held no doubts at all about the structure of the world, the
rule of the church, and the divinity of the highest minister.
171 | P a g e

Sword Art Online Vol. 15 – Alicization Invading
Chapter 17 –Dark Territory

However, throughout their reluctant cooperation to escape the crisis, their truce,
and their climb up the outer walls, Kirito had continuously aggravated Alice with
his words, his sword, and those jet-black eyes—finally resulting in her breaking the
seal on her right eye…
Yes, Kirito was like a hammer that swung down onto this world filled with false
harmony. Shaking and jolting the world with the power concealed in his soul, he
finally broke away that ancient nail embedded in the Human Empire‟s heart known
as the Axiom Church. However, his best friend, Eugeo, and the guru, Cardinal, had
lost their lives in return while he lost his mind…
Alice hugged the fragile body supported on her left arm closer. And she looked
straight back towards Eldrie‟s two eyes.
She wanted to tell him. You are only as you are now because you fought with this
man. However, he would never understand. To the Order of the Integrity Knights,
Kirito was still no more than an unforgivable traitor.
With an expression like enduring some dull pain, Eldrie was about hurled more
words at Alice who stood stock still in silence.
That was when it happened. A part of the surrounding crowd split apart as though
pushed aside by some giant‟s hand.
The voice that reached Alice from beyond the crowd was nostalgic enough to render
her to tears yet created a sense of tension that was almost painful.
“Now, no need for your temper, Eldrie.”
Taking her sight off the young knight who straightened up in a hurry, Alice slowly
turned about and saw who the voice belonged to.
Those loose clothes in the style of the eastern region which were folded in front.
That wide band tied at a low position. That rustic long sword crudely stuck in at the
left of his waist. That strange footwear slipped on his feet.

172 | P a g e

Sword Art Online Vol. 15 – Alicization Invading
Chapter 17 –Dark Territory

The equipment was far lighter than that of the knights and soldiers around him.
However, the pressure exuding from his body, forged to the limit, was denser and
heavier than any armor.
Roughly stroking the pale blue hair cut short that went well with his clothes, the
owner of the voice formed a grin with his mouth.
“Yo, lil‟ miss. Glad you look better than I thought you would be. Put some on weight
around your face?”
“…Esteemed uncle. It has been a while.”
Desperately holding back her tears, Alice bowed to the world‟s oldest and strongest
swordsman—Integrity Knight Commander Bercouli Synthesis One.
In the six years she lived as an integrity knight, he was the one person Alice had
allowed in her heart, respected as a master, and adored as a father. At the same
time, he was the only swordsman—aside from Kirito—she could never defeat in this
world.
Thus, she must not show a face covered in tears now.
If Bercouli denied her from having Kirito here, she had to obey. Of course, Alice
now had the ability to go against his orders. However, opposing him in front of
everyone would shake the order between the Order and the Defense Army. With the
decisive battle looming in merely five days, she must not put even a hairline crack
into Bercouli‟s authority of command.
As though seeing through Alice‟s conflicts, Bercouli slowly approached while
revealing a smile filled with rustic gentleness.
He first stared into Alice‟s eyes and nodded strongly.
And after holding back Eldrie, who seemed like he wanted to put in a word, with a
glance, the knight commander turned his look towards Kirito, held in Alice‟s arm.
His lips tensed up. A light resembling bluish-white flames dwelled in his keen eyes.
Bercouli drew in a long breath. Alice felt the air around freeze up, bit by bit.
173 | P a g e

Sword Art Online Vol. 15 – Alicization Invading
Chapter 17 –Dark Territory

“…Esteemed uncle…”
Alice forced out her inaudible voice.
Bercouli was sharpening his spirit as a swordsman. He was about to release that
«incarnation technique» imparted only the integrity knights… the secret technique
that surpassed the «incarnation arm», capable of moving objects with the strength
of one‟s mind, the «incarnation blade».
The focused power of incarnation was set onto a sword and released. That unseen
blade could sometimes even repel a tangible enemy‟s blade. The armament full
control art of the sacred tool the knight commander held, the «Time Piercing
Sword», only first came into existence due to his overwhelming power of
incarnation.
In other words—Bercouli was trying to cut Kirito.
She could never accept it if he was trying to settle this problem by literally cutting it
into two. If things came to that, she would protect Kirito even if she had to draw her
sword.
Overwhelmed by the knight commander‟s intense spirit, the surrounding soldiers,
Eldrie, and even the flying dragons in the tent sank into silence. With her breath
unsteady in the heavy, condensed air, Alice desperately tried to move the fingers on
her right hand.
However, just before Alice touched her precious sword, Bercouli‟s mouth moved
slightly and she heard words that seemed like they came from his thoughts.
—Relax, lil‟ miss.
“…!?”
It happened the instant when Alice caught her breath.
Without moving in the slightest, Bercouli‟s two eyes let out a dreadful light.
At the same time, Kirito‟s body shook violently within Alice‟s arm.
174 | P a g e

Sword Art Online Vol. 15 – Alicization Invading
Chapter 17 –Dark Territory

Kin! A loud noise rang out and a silver flash burst out in the air between Bercouli
and Kirito.
—What was that!?
Though Alice gasped softly from shock, Bercouli had already broken into a wide
smile by then as though that spirit earlier was an illusion.
“Esteemed… uncle…?”
The knight commander rubbed his chin and spoke to Alice who murmured in a daze
as though some practice had just ended.
“Lil‟ miss, did you see that?”
“Ye… yes. Though it was only for a brief instant… there was the glint from
swords…?”
“Indeed. I fired an incarnation blade, no, dagger at that young man. If it hit, it
would have cut into his skin on a cheek.”
“If… it hit? You mean…”
“That‟s right. He took it on. That young man, with his own will.”
Alice could not help but peek into Kirito‟s face as she supported him on her left
arm.
However, her hopes were immediately dashed. She saw nothing more than a hollow
darkness in his faintly open black eyes. His expression was completely lacking as
usual.
—Still, his body certainly shook earlier.
Alice caressed Kirito‟s hair with her right hand while turning to look at Bercouli.
Though he shook his head, the knight commander still gave his judgment in clear
words.

175 | P a g e

Sword Art Online Vol. 15 – Alicization Invading
Chapter 17 –Dark Territory

“Looks like his heart isn‟t here… But he‟s not dead. Listen, that boy tried to protect
you instead of himself just now, lil‟ miss. So he‟ll be back. I believe so. Probably
when you need him the most.”
Alice struggled even harder than before to hold back her tears that threatened to
flow.
—Yes, he will return for sure.
—After all, Kirito, Kirito truly is the world‟s strongest swordsman. He even defeated
her, close to the realm of gods, by swinging those two swords.
—I won‟t… say it is my sake. But please return, for the many people living in this
world…
Unable to hold herself back any longer, Alice hugged Kirito tight with both arms.
The knight commander‟s admonishing voice brushed softly against her back.
“It‟s as you see, Eldrie. Don‟t mind something so trivial, we can look after one
young man at least.”
“…But… but still…”
Showing remarkable mettle, Eldrie the newest integrity knight expressed his
thoughts to Bercouli the oldest knight.
“I can understand if he adds to our war potential even in the slightest, but as he is…
besides, even if he regains his senses, how much can a student‟s sword…”
“Oh, c‟mon.”
Bercouli‟s voice carried a keen edge equivalent to that of some renowned sword
with that gentle smile.
“Have you forgotten? The partner of this boy won against me. Against Integrity
Knight Commander Bercouli Synthesis One.”
The surroundings instantly fall silent.

176 | P a g e

Sword Art Online Vol. 15 – Alicization Invading
Chapter 17 –Dark Territory

“That boy called Eugeo… he was strong, absurdly so. I even used the Time Piercing
Sword‟s full control art. And I still lost. Like you, Deusolbert, and Fanatio did.”
It appeared Eldrie found no words to respond to that. That was only natural; there
could be none among the Order of the Integrity Knights or those beyond the Great
Gate in the Dark Territory capable of defeating Bercouli in a one-versus-one—or so
everyone in the Axiom Church believed.
However, was that proclamation not too hazardous?
Knight Commander Bercouli had hurriedly constructed the Defense Army through
the dignity of him being the strongest. If everyone knew of Eugeo‟s existence as a
swordsman who defeated him—and that Kirito held just as much power…
It was when Alice thought that far and looked up.
Bercouli had glanced up towards the skies as though impelled to do so.
“Esteemed… uncle…?”
The knight commander replied Alice‟s question with words she never could have
expected.
“In a place far, far away, a swordsman‟s immense spirit intensified, and then
vanished… Someone I knew is dead…”
4
The ten lords of the land of darkness‟s Ten Lords Assembly bore no resemblance to
each other, be it in nature, personality, or the ambitions they tucked away inside,
but still, they happened to be perfectly synchronized in one point.
That would be how they understood that one law, «strength rules over all else»,
more so than any other.
Rather, it could be said that the law was carved onto their souls since childhood and
it was only due to their constant hard work—be it training themselves or
177 | P a g e

Sword Art Online Vol. 15 – Alicization Invading
Chapter 17 –Dark Territory

eliminating any who interfered—that they stood at nearly the top of this world
where blood was washed away with more blood.
And so.
None among the nine lords lined up with Shasta were genuinely shocked when the
dark knight commander turned to the emperor and drew his sword with the fervor
behind that scream.
Instead, many sympathized with “You‟re doing it now?” or “How daring”. Even the
chiefs of the orcs and ogres whose linguistic ability, or intelligence, had been
degenerating for three hundred years showed sharp glints in their beastlike eyes in
anticipation of finding out how strong the emperor could be. The young chief of the
pugilist, too, internally cheered Shasta on, to cut him down now that he had drawn
his sword, out of respect for a peer seeking enlightenment.
Two among them predicted this state of affairs seconds earlier.
One was the head of the dark arts user guild, Dee Ai El. A fierce detractor to Shasta,
the woman had planned to kidnap the dark general‟s lover and had prior knowledge
of Lipia‟s face.
Hence, her shock was instead more pronounced when she saw Lipia‟s hewn head
frozen in ice. Predicting Shasta might draw his sword out of rage, she swiftly
pondered over how to act if that occurred.
Though she considered having the emperor owe her a favor by firing an art into
Shasta‟s back, she chose the role of a spectator in the end. All would be well if
Shasta lost to the emperor and even in the strange case he won, that would when
she roast her bitter enemy, likely covered in severe wounds, black and hold
supremacy over the land of darkness. Inside, Dee chuckled while licking her lips to
conceal her excitement.
And the last who surmised the dark general‟s insurgency was yet another—
This one made a move at once.

178 | P a g e

Sword Art Online Vol. 15 – Alicization Invading
Chapter 17 –Dark Territory

***
With only that one word, “kill”, in his heart, Shasta swung his cherished sword
down, hard.
The degree of incarnation augmenting his tachi alone certainly surpassed that time
he crossed swords with Integrity Knight Commander Bercouli. The intensity of his
wrath and grief weighed enough to instantaneously induce the full control
phenomenon that originally required a lengthy incantation.
The tachi Shasta wielded in his hand, «Oborogasumi» was an object on the class of
sacred tools procedurally generated by the Underworld, a VRMMO package,
roughly two hundred years ago. Its element was «water» and its blade, responding
to Shasta‟s overwhelming blood thirst, had lost its substance and transformed into
a mist while keeping its deadly might.
The special quality of Oborogasumi in full control mode was to bypass the attacking
process for all types of swords, «to deal damage by cutting or piercing the target
with the sword». All who came in contact with the long, extending mist would
suffer slashing-type damage to their Life. In other words, there was no method to
defend against it but to evade.
The emperor, Gabriel Miller, draw the sword on his waist as well when Shasta did
in order to repel the enemy‟s strike.
If the situation had proceeded, Shasta‟s blade of mist would slip past Gabriel‟s
sword and reach him, pouring his concentrated bloodlust into him.
However, that happened when he stepped forth at the speed of gods to deliver the
critical slash.
Shasta‟s movement ceased as though frozen.
A single throwing needle had buried itself deep into a trifling seam on the left side
of the dark general‟s armor without notice.

179 | P a g e

Sword Art Online Vol. 15 – Alicization Invading
Chapter 17 –Dark Territory

Swaying onto his feet behind was a man as gaunt as a ghost clad entirely in a deep
grey robe.
Head of the assassin guild, Fu Za. Bearing hardly any presence even as one of the
ten lords, the inconspicuous man who barely spoke even in the meetings smoothly
moved forward while attracting more attention than ever before.
Fu Za inferred Shasta‟s rebellion in advance only because he was more of a coward
and bundle of nerves than any of the other lords.
The assassin guild was a mixed gathering of the powerless. It was a group, made by
those born without blessings of strength, aptitude, assets, or any sort of power yet
refused to live exploited as slaves, to refine their «poison techniques» loathed even
in the Dark Territory.
Venomous objects such as some of the insects, snakes, and plants in the
Underworld were originally placed as part of the load test. As such, their
effectiveness was limited to a level that could be recovered from if the inhabitants
utilized the necessary knowledge. Conversely, it could never reach the power of arts
and swordsmanship.
However, those who formed the assassin guild went beyond Rath‟s expectation and
worked out the techniques to «concentrate», spending many years to produce and
strengthen venom. The guild‟s headquarters located underground in the town‟s
slums had large kettles concentrating the sap of poisonous fruits, pots of venomous
snakes gathered from various areas cannibalizing each other, and such prepared
over more than a hundred years.
However, the long-awaited completion of the «fatal poison» brought forth tragedy
within the guild with widespread assassinations. Unlike with swords and arts,
identifying the perpetrator of slow-acting poisons was difficult.
Naturally, the one leading the guild would never survive without utmost cowardice.
To the extent of lurking into the glances of those around, no, beyond that, into the
meaning for those glances to sense even the most insignificant budding desire to
murder.
180 | P a g e

Sword Art Online Vol. 15 – Alicization Invading
Chapter 17 –Dark Territory

To Fu Za, the blood thirst Shasta emitted the moment he saw Lipia‟s head smelled
more distinctively than the stench of fresh blood.
And also to Fu Za, the dark general, Shasta, was a being more detestable than any
other.
He had constructed and abandoned countless assassination plans. He had the
confidence he could kill him. But if the cause of death was revealed to be poison, all
would realize it was the work of the assassin guild. The peerless Order of the Dark
Knights would probably charge into the guild‟s headquarters and slaughter
everyone an hour after Shasta breathed his last. They had no chance at a frontal
assault.
However, if it was done now, in this instant.
There was a just cause for stabbing a needle covered in concentrated poison into the
body of his sworn enemy. The moment he drew his sword before the emperor,
Shasta was no longer the dark general or among the ten lords, but a mere traitor.
What Fu Za pulled out and threw from his robe‟s pocket was an assassination tool
passed down through the assassin guild heads. Known as «Lubellr Venomsteel», it
was carved into an extremely thin needle from a dangerous mineral that secreted
paralyzing venom and could store any sort of venom in its hollowed interior.
Injected into him was the quintessence of the guild as well, a lethal poison. It was
only after mashing fifty thousand leeches, from a rare breed called «Jigsarvil», then
filtering and concentrating the result, time after time, that just a single drop of
venom could be produced. As all attempts to cultivate the leeches through breeding
had failed, an absurd amount of effort was necessary to produce a single drop of
this venom.
Fu Za could not have known, but the animals inhabiting the Underworld‟s fields
were generated by the system based on specific values for each area, so aside from
exceptions designated as livestock like sheep and cows, none of them could be
artificially bred.

181 | P a g e

Sword Art Online Vol. 15 – Alicization Invading
Chapter 17 –Dark Territory

In other words, it would be no exaggeration to say the poison needle Fu Za let fly
was the culmination of the assassin guild concentrated onto a single point, be it the
needle itself or the venom within. Simultaneously, it was the crystallization of the
oppressed and weak‟s hatred over the hundreds of years.

***
Shasta had focused his will solely on the sword he held and as a result, he felt nearly
none of the pain from the poison needle stabbing deep into his body.
However, it was in the instant he tried to leap up high towards the throne when he
felt a tremendous weight, as though his entire body had turned to lead, and widely
opened his eyes.
Strength left his legs and only after slipping down onto a single knee did he notice
the foreign object in the left side of his chest.
—Poison, huh.
Instantly realizing that, he quickly pulled the needle out before an icy chill
paralyzed his left hand. Noticing that the needle, so thin it hardly seemed a weapon,
possessed a vivid green luster, Shasta understood it was that abominable Lubellr
Venomsteel and tried to chant the art to neutralize it at once.
However, his whole body plunged into the chill, starting from his left, at a
horrifying speed and including even his mouth. Losing the sensation of his tongue
before he got even the starting system call completely out, he could do nothing but
to endure.
With his left hand numbed as well, the poison needle slipped from his fist and made
a quiet noise on the black marble.
At last, his right arm, still in the midst of swinging his sword, began to fall
sluggishly and with that, the full control mode expired with the tip of his beloved
sword making contact with the floor, having returned to itself from that grey mist.
182 | P a g e

Sword Art Online Vol. 15 – Alicization Invading
Chapter 17 –Dark Territory

A robe of pitch darkness entered Shasta‟s vision while he was suspended in the
same posture as before he slashed at the emperor, thrust onto a knee with his head
lowered.
—Fu Za.
—To think I would be done in by this man.
“…By such a worthless, minor being. …You must be thinking that, Viksul?”
His chafed voice rustled as it descended from above; Shasta scowled with the area
near his eyes which was all he could still barely move.
—No one gave you the right to call me with such familiarity…
“You never gave me the right to call you with such familiarity. You seem to be
wanting to say that? But you see, this isn‟t the first time I‟m calling you Viksul, you
know?”
The face of the assassin who slowly bent his knee and body down to the same height
entered Shasta‟s sight. However, his hood was lowered so far, it obstructed the light
and all but his pointed chin were immersed in the darkness.
That chin moved as if trembling and a voice hoarser than before streamed out.
“You… don‟t remember, do you. The faces of the children you knocked down time
after time in cadet school. And how one of them threw himself into the canal out of
humiliation and vanished from school for all eternity.”
—What. What is this man saying? The cadet school?
Born as the son of a novice knight, Shasta was shipped to a cadet school affiliated
with the Order once he grew old enough to hold a wooden sword. He had no
memories of anything but devoting his all to training in order to survive since then.
Attaining victory in one selection test after another, he was commissioned an officer
in the Order and scouted by his master, the last Knight Commander—that half of
his life sped on by like a swift current, leaving him no time to reflect on his past.

183 | P a g e

Sword Art Online Vol. 15 – Alicization Invading
Chapter 17 –Dark Territory

He could not have remembered. The children who swung wooden swords beside
him over thirty years ago?
“…But you see, I have never forgotten, not even for a single day. Not one day in the
many months and years I labored as a slave for the assassination guild who picked
me up in the underground culverts where I drifted to. I amassed knowledge,
cultivated many new types of venom, and finally climbed to head the guild. I lost
various things in exchange… but it was all for vengeance on you, Viksul.”
The hood tipped over just a little when his warped voice came to a stop, revealing
Fu Za‟s bare face to Shasta‟s eyes.
But still, no memories came to him. No, even if Shasta remembered his classmates
from way back perfectly, his name would still elude him. After all, Fu Za‟s face was
left in an abnormal state that would scare even a horribly disfigured orc, perhaps
due to the influence of poison.
Two eyes alone shone glaringly from within the hood pulled back low.
“I developed that poison injected into you for the sake of killing you, saving it up
drop by drop over an overwhelming length of time. It killed even a large earth
dragon with over three hundred thousand Life after an hour in an experiment. Your
strength and total Life will likely last for another two or three minutes. Now… I
shall pay it all back. All of that hatred and humiliation you have left in my care.”
—Hatred, huh.
Shasta shifted his sight off Fu Za‟s eyes and stared at the poison needle that
tumbled onto the black marble floor.
—Succumbing to anger and hatred, I tried to cut the emperor down. Fu Za tried to
kill me using this needle with that exact same power. That was why my tachi was
stopped. The «will to kill» cannot defeat the «will for justice». I had forgotten about
what I grasped by crossing swords just once with that man long ago… with Integrity
Knight Commander Bercouli; I had forgotten that secret of the sword at the very,
very end…

184 | P a g e

Sword Art Online Vol. 15 – Alicization Invading
Chapter 17 –Dark Territory

Unable to even maintain his kneeling posture, Shasta slumped down onto the floor,
starting with his left shoulder.
In the midst of his hazy, faded vision, beyond the poison needle—
There was a cube of ice placed on a silver platter.

***
The one out for revenge, Fu Za also once known as Ferius Zargatis, opened his two
eyes widely as if to fully taste the moment of bliss that had finally come.
The once glorious dark general, Shasta, now rolled at his own feet. He was in a fine
state; his skin, taut despite his age, turned deathly pale, the keen light in his eyes
had vanished, and his breathing was feeble too.
What an ugly and miserable way to die.
And Shasta‟s death was effectively demonstrated that techniques to murder by
poison were superior to swordsmanship or the dark arts. Not only would a single
prick of the new composite poison utilizing Lubellr Venomsteel and Jigsarvil drive
the enemy into a state unable to draw a sword or chant an art, it would also bring
them a swift demise.
Emperor Vector, on the throne, must have noticed the value of the assassin guild
through this act as well. The day the new poison could be mass produced would be
when he had no further need to read the knights and art users‟ expressions. He
would reclaim his original name and perhaps even take over the the Zargatis family
that had abandoned him as its new patriarch…
Shivering with pleasure, Fu Za was utterly unaware that the blade of Shasta‟s sword
that had rolled out of his sight was turning into mist once more.

***
185 | P a g e

Sword Art Online Vol. 15 – Alicization Invading
Chapter 17 –Dark Territory

—Lipia.
Before his Life ran out, Shasta shouted out the name of that one woman he loved in
his heart.
Lipia must have decided to assassinate the emperor due to her wish to realize the
arrival of that new age Shasta spoke of. With the end of the three hundred years
war, the orphans would gain the right to live in happiness, without falling to
starvation or slavery, with the introduction of a new law and order; she must have
believed in that.
—Hey, Fu Za.
—You say I‟d beat you up in cadet school? That you were unable to bear with the
humiliation and threw yourself away?
—But you must have had the opportunity at least. You had parents who sent you to
school, three meals a day, a warm bed, and a roof to shield you from the rain. How
many young lives do you think there are in this world who were not given even
those basic privileges and faded out, treated like torn rags?
—Lipia had given her life to reform that world. That will cannot be brought to
naught. Your petty, personal grievances——
“…Shall not stand in her way!!”
The moment that terrific bellow roared from Shasta who should have been
completely paralyzed, something that resembled a grey tornado whirled up high
from the dark knight‟s right hand.
That was what even bare few among the integrity knights were capable of, the
recollection release phenomenon of sacred tools. Shasta‟s peerless power of
incarnation collected all of the Underworld‟s data and began to overwrite the
running main visualizer.

186 | P a g e

Sword Art Online Vol. 15 – Alicization Invading
Chapter 17 –Dark Territory

The grey tornado disintegrated all in contact with it, a manifestation of neutral,
pure destructive might. Swallowed by the tornado without even the time to flee, Fu
Za‟s thick black robe scattered like smoke with a dry noise.
The emaciated middle-age man appearing from there brought his arms up to hide
his disfigured face. Immediately after, those arms were sent flying as countless
pieces of meat—followed by his whole body, soaring into the air as a dense spray of
blood.

***
The dark arts user, Dee Ai El, leapt far back, assailed by an ominous premonition
the moment that mysterious tornado swirled up from the dark general close to
death. Generating aerial elements in both hands, she flew back at maximum speed.
That premonition turned into utmost fright upon seeing everything under her right
knee disappear without trace upon touching the rapidly growing tornado.
Dee‟s whole body was protected with tens of defensive arts even when in the bath or
asleep. An impregnable barrier that would repel all sorts of attacks, be it projectiles,
swords, poisons, and naturally, arts.
Of course, an attack with the full might of any of the ten lords who held the same
level of priority might penetrate the wall and wound her skin. However, they would
never slice her flesh off with a mere touch as though those protections were not
even there. That was a certainty.
No matter how she denied it in her mind, the tornado of death whittled away at her
right leg as it approached at a velocity surpassing her retreating at full speed.
Though an arts user of Dee‟s caliber could restore a severed limb, she still needed
her life to do so.
“Eek… aaah…!!”
A shrill shriek came from Dee‟s mouth at last.
187 | P a g e

Sword Art Online Vol. 15 – Alicization Invading
Chapter 17 –Dark Territory

However, her voice was coincidentally lost within screams from the two goblin
chiefs.
The mountain goblin chief, Hagashi, and plains goblin chief, Kubiri, who were lined
up on Dee‟s left desperately dashed with their stunted legs to flee from the tornado.
It was impossible, however, for them to avoid the tornado‟s expansion that caught
up to even Dee flying at her quickest.
“Kugyaa—!!”
Hagashi‟s legs slipped with an unseemly cry and he tumbled onto the floor. His
desperately outstretched left hand caught hold of Kubiri‟s ankle like a vise.
“Higyaaaa!! Let goo—!! Let……”
Squelch.
The two who ruled over the goblin races turned into sprays of blood all too quickly.
Crunch.
Dee‟s right leg blew off without a trace from its root.

188 | P a g e

Sword Art Online Vol. 15 – Alicization Invading
Chapter 17 –Dark Territory

Right before the eyes of the head of the dark arts user guild, her beautiful face
warped in fear and despair—the tornado‟s expansion came to a miraculous stop.
Shasta‟s fallen body was no longer there. The towering funnel-shaped storm
centered there had already grown to a height and diameter of twenty mel. The six
lords with more time to spare had swiftly retreated to the west wall and the various
groups of executives lined up on the south side of the hall, too, escaped unharmed
from the precarious situation.
Though her mind had descended into utter chaos, Dee still realized why the
tornado‟s expansion ceased.
It kept them safe. The ten-odd advanced dark knights. In other words, Shasta had
willed that tornado into existence.
As though endorsing her guess, the top half of the tornado gradually morphed.
What appeared was the upper body of a man, formed by translucent mist.
Though absurdly huge, it was clearly a copy of Dark General Shasta‟s body.

***
Emperor Vector, Gabriel Miller, naturally felt an emotion similar to surprise as he
looked up at the giant form from the tornado, towering as though flaunting his
presence.
The knight on the left drawing his sword upon seeing the female assassin‟s head
when he revealed it to them all was still within his expectation. It was not too
shocking that the head of the assassin guild would paralyze that man slashing at
Gabriel with poison or whatnot either.
Though it skewed his scheme to plant an absolute loyalty within the remaining nine
units by downing the traitor in a single strike, he thought it fine that they would
chose to protect the emperor by their own will. He watched over the course of
events with that in mind, but—
190 | P a g e

Sword Art Online Vol. 15 – Alicization Invading
Chapter 17 –Dark Territory

A grey tornado surged from the fallen rebelling unit without warning and engulfed
by that, the assassin guild‟s head along with the two goblin generals disintegrated in
an instant, leaving even Gabriel speechless.
The general units should all have roughly the same status. Hence, a fight between
them should not have an immediate end, but result in a prolonged battle, a cycle of
whittling away and recovering HP.
Despite that, three whole units disappeared in mere seconds. Did some logic still
unknown to both Critter and him exist in this Underworld—?
It happened after he thought that far. The giant in the tornado opened his mouth
and let out a bellow that shook the world.
Unable to endure the intense pressure, most of the windowpanes adorning the
throne room were blown outside.
The giant gripped its right fist that was as large as an engine block—
And swung it down at Gabriel with a roar.
Gabriel made his decision, realizing that taking it on with his sword was useless and
that he lacked the time to stand up and dodge. Spotting his aide, Vassago, nimbly
jump forward at the right side of his eyes, Gabriel quietly awaited the ashen fist
atop his throne.

***
The tornado of death Shasta‟s will brought forth on the verge of his death was a
phenomenon that exceeded even the Underworld‟s system.
Rather than robbing Fu Za and the goblins of their Lives with a numerical attack
power, it first destroyed their fluct lights by hammering the «image of death»
directly into their light cubes which then annihilated their flesh and blood in turn.

191 | P a g e

Sword Art Online Vol. 15 – Alicization Invading
Chapter 17 –Dark Territory

As such, his attack on Gabriel was unaffected by Emperor Vector‟s immense Life as
well.
However, the blood thirst generated by Shasta‟s fluct light transversed the quantum
transmission lines and reached the STL where Gabriel‟s real body lay—
The concentrated will to kill from Dark General Shasta, a distinguished knight of
the Underworld, made a direct hit on the core of Gabriel Miller‟s fluct light, or in
other words, on his «ego».
At that time, Shasta‟s conscious mind assimilated with that single strike that took
his all and he felt it intruding into Emperor Vector.
It was clear his original body had exhausted its Life. Shasta understood this would
be the last attack of his lifetime.
It was regrettable he could not fulfill his promise to cross swords with Integrity
Knight Commander Bercouli again. However, that man would understand. The
dark general‟s hopes and the reasons for turning on the emperor.
Aside from Fu Za, the head of the assassin guild, he had also defeated the two
goblin chiefs who loved war the most among the lords. It was a pity he let Dee, the
head of the dark arts user guild, escape, but she would likely not regenerate a
wound that deep anytime soon. If the head of the Order of the Dark Knights were to
die along with Emperor Vector, the remaining lords would definitely hesitate in
fighting against the Human Empire.
If only they could seal a temporary cease-fire agreement with the citizens of the
Human Empire who lost their ruler as well. If only they could converse with words
rather than swords and share in some sort of agreement.
He prayed—for Lipia‟s wish of a peaceful world to be granted someday.
Assimilated with his will, Shasta pierced through Emperor Vector‟s brow and
plunged into the core of his soul within it.
If he broke that, not even the god of darkness could prevent his own existence from
lapsing like Fu Za and the rest.
192 | P a g e

Sword Art Online Vol. 15 – Alicization Invading
Chapter 17 –Dark Territory

Shasta‟s will crashed into the emperor‟s soul with a voiceless scream—
And experienced the last shock of his lifetime.
Nothingness.
Only a murky darkness spread out in the middle of his soul that resembled a cloud
of light where the essence of his consciousness should have been.
Why? Even Fu Za who had forsaken the world held a dazzling, greedy attachment to
his life.
Shasta‟s will was absorbed into the darkness that went on forever within the
emperor.
Vanishing. Vaporizing.
—This person, this man…
—Is he unaware of life?
One who knew not the radiance of life, of one‟s soul, of love. That was why he
hungered. That was why he sought others‟ souls.
A sword formed from the desire to kill would not defeat this man regardless of how
strong one‟s will was.
After all, this man‟s soul was alive yet dead.
He had to report this. To someone. To whoever would fight against this monster in
the future.
Someone—to someone…
However, there, Shasta‟s consciousness was enshrouded by a bottomless abyss.
……Regret……
……Lipia……

193 | P a g e

Sword Art Online Vol. 15 – Alicization Invading
Chapter 17 –Dark Territory

Dark General Viksul Ur Shasta‟s soul fully disintegrated with those thoughts at his
end.

***
The moment that soul with its all-too-dazzling radiance pierced into him, Gabriel
Miller felt delight rather than fear.
The dark knight‟s soul was filled with distinctively richer emotions than that of the
female assassin he devoured two days ago. The love for her. Along with an
inexplicable something that resembled affection that reached further than that. And
the source of them all, the intense intent to murder.
Love and hate. What in this world could taste more exquisite than them?
Gabriel was almost fully unconscious of the danger his life was exposed to at that
time. Even after witnessing the dark knight‟s attack render the three units into
scattered lumps of meat, Gabriel wished more to devour the knight‟s soul than his
own safety.
If Gabriel felt fear from the knight‟s attack and wished for his own survival, Shasta‟s
intent to kill would have broken his survival instants through the STL which would
blast away his fluct light.
However, Gabriel Miller cared not for life. To him, all lives were simply automated
mechanisms like those insects he slaughtered in his childhood. Deciphering the
secrets behind the soul that powered that mechanism, that mysterious gleaming
cloud, was all Gabriel wished for.
As such, the destruction signal originating from Shasta‟s fluct light passed through
the vast blank in Gabriel‟s fluct light in vain and was lost without colliding with
anything.
Whether Gabriel understood the logic behind it or not, he still fed on the knight‟s
soul while recording down two things into his memory.
194 | P a g e

Sword Art Online Vol. 15 – Alicization Invading
Chapter 17 –Dark Territory

Firstly, there was a way to attack in this world aside from weapons and spells like in
a normal VRMMO game.
And that way to attack had no effect on himself.
He had to get Critter to investigate the basis behind the earlier phenomenon.
Gabriel slowly stood from the throne with that in mind.

***
The six lords still alive—head of the dark arts user guild, Dee Ai El, head of the
pugilists, Iskahn, leader of the economic guild, Lengyel, the giant chief, Sigrosig,
the orc chief, Rilpirin, and the ogre chief, Fulgrr—who had their backs against the
walls, fell on their rears, or was in the process of stopping a severe wound from
bleeding simply stared at Emperor Vector.
Fear was all that remained in their chests.
Dark General Shasta‟s horrifying assault—turning three generals into spurts of
blood in an instant and blowing off Dee‟s right leg despite her being recognized as
powerful even among the lords—was taken on by the emperor without him
suffering a single gash.
The strong rule.
It was clear to all that Emperor Vector held power far surpassing the six lords and
the hundred-odd officers behind them combined.
Like ripples, every last one of them bowed deep and expressed their allegiance to
the emperor. Even the Order of the Dark Knights with their respected knight
commander murdered was no exception.
The emperor‟s voice eloquently resounded over them.
“…Those who have lost their general are to have their second-in-command take up
the reins of command at once. In an hour, we shall march on as planned.”
195 | P a g e

Sword Art Online Vol. 15 – Alicization Invading
Chapter 17 –Dark Territory

There were no words of anger or blame regarding the insurgence. That fact
summoned further dread into the troops.
Having stopped the blood flowing from her right leg at last, Dee extended her right
hand up high with even her fingertips straightened and shouted.
“Long live the His Majesty the Emperor!!”
After a momentary pause—
Such calls mingled into a clamor that seemed to shake the entirety of Obsidia
Palace and continued on for many more rounds.
5
Alice looked around inside the camping tent she was assigned and let out a light
sigh.
The cot was arranged nicely, the sheepskin spread over the floor was practically
new, and the air smelled only of the sun. Though she was perfectly satisfied with
those, it was clear the tent was not laid out in a hurry for Alice. In other words,
Knight Commander Bercouli had prepared for Alice‟s participation in the fight and
constructed an additional tent for knights.
It might be best to take it as a symbol of his faith, but knowing the knight
commander‟s nature, she figured he might have seen through her thoughts and
actions entirely.
No—that would be going too far. After all, not even the knight commander seemed
to have predicted Alice bringing Kirito along. The cot prepared was for one.
After touching Kirito‟s back and leading him to the bed, Alice sat him down. The
young man immediately let out a frail voice as he reached out with his left hand.
“Yes, I know, I will have them in a moment.”

196 | P a g e

Sword Art Online Vol. 15 – Alicization Invading
Chapter 17 –Dark Territory

Running over to the pack left at the entrance, Alice took out the two long swords of
black and white. Returning to the bed, she placed them on his lap. Kirito embraced
the swords in his left arm then, and went quiet.
She went through her thoughts while sitting beside him and taking off her boots.
Though she declared that she would shoulder Kirito and fight should the need arise
to Eldrie, that would be rather difficult in reality. Kirito alone would not be too hard
with how thin he was, but her movement would be constrained if she had to carry
the Night Sky Sword and Blue Rose Sword.
She considered staying astride in Amayori‟s saddle, but there would be times she
had to engage in aerial battle with the enemy dark knights riding flying dragons too.
It would be best lowering her load as much as possible.
Regrettably, having someone, perhaps from the transport unit, take care of Kirito
during the battle would be the most practical course of action. However, the
problem lies in whether she could find anyone worthy of trust so easily.
Her old friends, the integrity knights, would naturally head out as the vanguards
and she knew none of the common soldiers. That said, she would rather not rely on
Eldrie to introduce her to someone suitable now.
“Kirito…”
Alice peeked straight into the youth‟s face and gently held onto his cheeks with both
hands.
She had no intention of treating Kirito as a burden. If his mind recovered, she could
definitely rely on him to protect the Human Empire, more so than with anyone else.
She had him accompany her here to the front lines because she thought he was
most likely to regain his consciousness.
Knight Commander Bercouli mentioned Kirito had deflected his «incarnation
blade». And that he did it to protect Alice.
Could she believe in that?

197 | P a g e

Sword Art Online Vol. 15 – Alicization Invading
Chapter 17 –Dark Territory

The law and a criminal when they first met at the Sword Mastery Academy. The
executioner and a rebel when they met again on the cathedral‟s eightieth floor. And
even when they exchanged words in the end on the top floor, they were merely in a
truce at best.
—Despite having lost your mind ever since that battle ended, you still tried to
protect me from esteemed uncle‟s spirit as a swordsman?
—What am I… to you?
Those questions rebounded off Kirito‟s lightless eyes and onto Alice herself.
What exactly was this youth to her?
If she expressed what she thought of Kirito in the cathedral in a word, obnoxious
would be most suitable. He would be the one and only who would call Integrity
Knight Alice Synthesis Thirty an “idiot” all that many times, both now and in the
future.
However, in that final battle, what she saw of Kirito from behind as he stood up
against the highest minister, Administrator—
Alice‟s heart trembled upon seeing the back of that swordsman holding a sword in
each hand while the hem of his black overcoat blew out violently. His figure
displayed power; along with a sadness that tore into her chest.
Those emotions throbbed faintly deep in her chest even now.
However, Alice continued to keep a lid on her own heart, afraid of recognizing the
reasons behind that ache.
—I am a mere artificial being. Nothing more than a puppet for war that continues to
occupy Alice Schuberg‟s body. I have no right to hold any feelings aside from the
will to fight.
Still. Perhaps that is why.
Does my voice not reach you because I hold my own heart back?
Will you respond if I were to let loose all of my «will» this instant?
198 | P a g e

Sword Art Online Vol. 15 – Alicization Invading
Chapter 17 –Dark Territory

Alice drew a deep breath of air into her chest and held it.
Kirito‟s cheeks were cold in her hands. No, it was the heat from her palms.
His cheeks slowly drew closer. She stared into those black eyes from up close. Dark,
just like the night skies. But she seemed to see small stars, quietly twinkling far
away.
Absorbed in those stars, her face was gradually, gradually drawn in—
A rhythmical chime abruptly rang out and Alice got up, practically jumping.
Though she looked around the tent in a fluster, there was naturally no one. At last,
she realized the bell with a pull-string fixed onto the tent‟s entrance had rung.
A guest. Clearing her throat without reason, Alice put her hair in order before
quickly crossing through the tent.
In all likelihood, it would be Eldrie, here to offer more criticism. She would tell him
that she had no plans of driving away Kirito in no uncertain terms this time.
Going through the thin cloth that made up the inside of the two layers of curtains at
the entryway, starting with her head first, Alice swept away the thick pelt on the
outside all at once with her left hand.
And her lips that were about to open came to a sharp stop.
The one standing before her eyes was no integrity knight or even some normal
soldier. Unthinkingly, she stared on.
“E… erm.”
Accompanied by that feeble voice tinged with fright, the short visitor held out a
covered pot with both hands.
“I… I have brought your dinner, Knight-sama.”
“…I see.”

199 | P a g e

Sword Art Online Vol. 15 – Alicization Invading
Chapter 17 –Dark Territory

Alice glanced towards the sky. Though she had not noticed, the vermillion sunset
was certainly departing for the western skies.
“Thank you… your efforts are appreciated.”
Receiving the pot with gratitude, Alice gazed over the other party once again.
A young girl who was still young at around fifteen or sixteen.
The hair that extended slightly below her shoulders was a magnificent red. Her
large eyes went well with their color, that of autumn, unique to blood from the
northern empire along with that pale skin and distinctive nose bridge.
Though she wore light armor like the Defense Army, the grey tunic and skirt
appeared like a uniform from some school.
To think such a child would be on the battlefield… Alice bit on her lips before
blinking in realization.
She had seen the girl‟s features somewhere. However, as Alice had spent each day
in the Central Cathedral back then, she had nearly no chance of coming into contact
with the common folk.
That was when a second girl timidly showed herself from behind the red-haired girl
where she have been hiding.
“E… erm… there are bread and beverages here.”
Breaking into a smile towards that almost inaudible voice from the girl with dark
brown hair close to black and dark blue eyes, Alice accepted the basket she offered
as well.
“There is no need to be so afraid, no one will be stealing you away for a snack.”
A memory finally surfaced in Alice‟s mind the moment she said that.
She recalled hearing this exceedingly skittish voice. These two were from—
“The two of you were… from the North Centoria Sword Mastery Academy… weren‟t
you?”
200 | P a g e

Sword Art Online Vol. 15 – Alicization Invading
Chapter 17 –Dark Territory

She asked, and for an instant, their cheeks loosened in relief despite previously
being stiff with tension. However, they straightened up their posture straight after
and named themselves with a tap from the heels of their boots.
“Y-Yes! I-I… I am from the Human Empire Defense Army, supply unit, novice
trainee, Tiezé Shtolienen!”
“L-Likewise, novice trainee, Ronye Arabel!”
So they were; Alice murmured in her heart while unconsciously responding in kind.
These were the two who pled for permission to bid Kirito and Eugeo farewell when
she took them away from the academy.
Even if the Defense Army was short-handed, they would not possibly draft in
students. That meant the pair had personally volunteered and came to these
perilous front lines from the familiar central capital. Why had these girls yet to
enter adulthood gone so far as to…
As Alice‟s gaze remained fixed on the pair while holding onto the pot with her right
hand and the basket with her left, the girl with dark brown hair who named herself
Ronye returned to hiding behind the red-haired girl who called herself Tiezé.
Though Tiezé cowered slightly as well, she opened her mouth before long with an
expression that spoke of her resolution to fight on.
“Er… erm… K-Knight-sama… I am fully aware that this may be, that is, m-most
discourteous on our part…”
While Alice broke into a bitter smile once again at that exaggerated manner of
speech, she tried her best to change that into a gentle one as she interrupted.
“Excuse me, there is really no need to stand on ceremony so much. In this camp, I
am no more than a single swordsman here to protect the Human Empire like the
rest of them. Do call me Alice, Tiezé-san and… you too, Ronye-san.”
Both Tiezé and Ronye whose head popped out from behind made dumbfounded
looks at that.
“…W-What is the matter?”
201 | P a g e

Sword Art Online Vol. 15 – Alicization Invading
Chapter 17 –Dark Territory

“N-No… well. We had a different impression when we had that opportunity to meet
at the Sword Mastery Academy, so…”
“Is that… so?”
She tilted her head in uncertainty. She was not too confident of it herself, but she
might have changed in the half year she lived in Rulid. Though the knight
commander had voiced out his baseless impressions about her putting on meat
around her face.
Now that she thought about it, she could not claim to have never overeaten in light
of how delicious the meals Selka made for her were… but to think it would show…
Showing another smile with her cheeks that narrowly avoided tensing up, Alice
added to her words.
“And so… did you have business with me?”
“Ah… y-yes.”
With her sense of nervousness faded by just a little, Tiezé chewed on her lips for a
moment before she spoke.
“Erm… we have heard word that a young man with black hair accompanied Knightsa… Alice-sama when you arrived on your flying dragon… and so, we thought that
gentleman might just possibly be somebody we are acquainted with…”
“Ah, aah… I see, that is only natural.”
Alice finally understood the girls‟ purpose of visiting and nodded.
“The both of you were on good terms with Kirito in the academy, weren‟t you…?”
The pair‟s faces shone like budding flowers the instant Alice spoke so. In Ronye‟s
case, there were even faint tears running from her blue eyes.
“So it was… Kirito-senpai after all…”
Ronye who spoke in a frail voice had her hand grasped by Tiezé who shouted in a
voice filled with hope as well.
202 | P a g e

Sword Art Online Vol. 15 – Alicization Invading
Chapter 17 –Dark Territory

“Then… Eugeo-senpai‟s also…!”
Alice drew in a sharp breath right when she heard that name.
This two did not know. Of the fierce fight that unfolded in the cathedral half a way
ago and its conclusion. They could not have. None knew anything concerning the
Highest Minister‟s death aside from the integrity knights.
The pair formed puzzled faces upon looking up at the speechless Alice. Alice stared
at Tiezé‟s and Ronye‟s eyes in turn, and then slowly shut her eyes.
She could not deceive them now.
Besides, the pair had the right to know everything. The girls likely volunteered for
the Defense Army and came all this way solely to meet Kirito as well as Eugeo
again…
Hardening her resolve, Alice opened her mouth.
“This may be… too painful for the two of you. Still, I believe. If you are Kirito and
Eugeo‟s juniors, I believe you can accept it.”
And after taking a step back, she lifted the pelt curtain and prompted them to enter
the tent.
Defying Alice‟s covert hopes, Kirito showed absolutely no response even with Tiezé
and Ronye in his sight.
Stifling her disappointment, Alice stood by the tent‟s wall and watched over the
tragic scene.
Kneeling before Kirito who sat on the bed, Ronye wrapped the youth‟s left hand in
her small ones as tears went down her cheeks.
However, the one to be pitied more was Tiezé who had flopped down on the fur rug
and continued staring at the Blue Rose Sword placed in front of her eyes. White as
paper, her face had expressed nothing ever since she taught her of Eugeo‟s death.
Her sight was pointed down towards the half-broken blade in silence.
203 | P a g e

Sword Art Online Vol. 15 – Alicization Invading
Chapter 17 –Dark Territory

As for Alice, she herself had barely any opportunity to exchange words with that
youth named Eugeo personally.
When she took him to the cathedral and threw him into the underground jail; the
time she intercepted them on the eightieth floor of the tower; and lastly, their
alliance during that final clash with Administrator.
Though she respected Eugeo‟s will, his power of incarnation, from the bottom of
her heart for not just gaining victory over that Knight Commander Bercouli but also
transforming himself into a sword to destroy the sword golem and slice a hand off
the Highest Minister, Selka reminiscing about him made up the bulk of her
memories involving him.
According to Selka, Eugeo was a docile yet prudent boy and was made to
accompany his childhood friend, Alice Schuberg, on their various adventures. She
figured that personality must have had let him hit it off well with Kirito as well.
Kirito and Eugeo must have caused all sorts of disturbances in the Sword Mastery
Academy. Tiezé and Ronye were attracted and influenced greatly by those two. Like
Alice herself.
—So, please, hold up to the sorrow. Kirito and Eugeo had fought, gotten hurt, and
lost their heart and life to protect what they truly treasured.
Alice talked on in her mind while continuing to gaze upon the pair.
When those living in the Human Empire suffer a mental shock, overwhelming them
with terror or grief, there are times when their hearts fall ill from their incapability
to endure it. Even in that attack on Rulid by the forces of darkness the other day,
several villagers had lain down despite being unharmed.
Tiezé must have loved Eugeo.
It was no easy task to accept the immense shock of a loved one dying at such a
young age.
Sitting, Tiezé gradually reached out towards the Blue Rose Sword with her right
hand in jolting motions before Alice‟s eyes.
204 | P a g e

Sword Art Online Vol. 15 – Alicization Invading
Chapter 17 –Dark Territory

She watched on under some tension. Though it was half broken, the Blue Rose
Sword was a sacred tool of the highest grade. She doubted Tiezé could handle it, but
overpowering, deep despair and sorrow could lead to power beyond expectations at
times. She could not predict what would happen.
Stiffly extended, Tiezé‟s fingers finally came into contact with the pale blue blade.
She gently traced the smoothly polished flat rather than its edge.
Then, in that moment—
Driving away the red of the sunset shining in through the hole that served as a
skylight, the broken blade glittered with a faint yet clear blue.
Tiezé‟s whole body trembled with that.
Ronye turned about as though she felt something and looked at her friend. In the
strained air, transparent drops dwelled in Tiezé‟s eyelashes and quietly fell.
“…Just now……”
A soft voice streamed from her pale lips.
“…I heard… Eugeo-senpai‟s voice… Don‟t cry, he said… because he‟ll, always be,
here… he…”

205 | P a g e

Sword Art Online Vol. 15 – Alicization Invading
Chapter 17 –Dark Territory

Her tears continued falling without end and Tiezé finally laid her face atop the
sword before bursting into violent sobs like a young child. Ronye, too, wept as she
pressed her face into Kirito‟s knees.
While her eyes grew hot, watching the heartrending and genuine scene—
Alice still pondered somewhere in her head if that was possible.
Though Alice had not heard Eugeo‟s voice, she had certainly witnessed the sword
shining for an instant. Hence, she could not say for sure that the words Tiezé heard
were from her imagination.
Something similar to Eugeo‟s soul remained in the Blue Rose Sword… could that be
true?
Alice recalled the feeling of her own thoughts uniting with her Golden Olive Sword
whenever she activated the armament full control art. Furthermore, Eugeo had
actually fused his own body with the Blue Rose Sword and suffered that fatal wound
during then.
Thus, it was well possible the beliefs of the sword‟s owner were left behind in that
remaining fragment.
However, Tiezé mentioned Eugeo had addressed her earlier. If so, it was not some
soulless echo left in the sword but his true thoughts—or perhaps his will?
Was it a fantasy brought about by the girl‟s longing? Or was it…?
How vexing. Kirito would have gotten to the secrets behind this phenomenon if he
was around. He had fallen here from where the mysterious gods outside this world
reside, after all.
A phrase floated up like a small bubble onto the surface on her swirling thoughts
and burst with a pop.
World End Altar.
Apparently, that place she had not heard of before had a door to the outside of this
world.
207 | P a g e

Sword Art Online Vol. 15 – Alicization Invading
Chapter 17 –Dark Territory

If she reached there, would all of these mysteries instantly melt away? Would she
be able to take back Kirito‟s mind?
However, the Altar was allegedly far off in the south after passing through the
Great East Gate. In other words, some distant remote region in the Dark Territory
where the dark races reigned.
For her to go all the way there, she would first have to defend against or break
through the large enemy army encamped beyond the Great Gate. No, even if she
broke through the enemy lines, she could not abandon the Great Gate‟s defense and
head south. As one of the integrity knights who were bestowed such tremendous
power, Alice had the responsibility to guard the Human Empire.
Rather, if only she could draw the entire enemy army to herself and set out for
the Altar, dragging them away from the Great Gate. However, to those from the
Dark Territory, the invasion of the Human Empire was their long-cherished wish
for these hundreds of years. There could be nothing more attractive than that…
As expected, even if she were to aim for the altar at the world‟s end, the forces of
darkness must be utterly annihilated beforehand.
Alice involuntarily shut her eyes at the conclusion she reached.
Despite those grand ideas of wiping them out, it would be difficult enough to even
repel the enemy‟s advance guard as things currently stood. Still, she had to do it. In
order to protect Tiezé, Ronye, and Kirito.
Letting out a soft sigh, Alice then put an end to her several seconds of
contemplation and walked towards the two weeping girls.

6
Despite Solus‟s afterglow having vanished off to the far west a while ago, the Dark
Territory‟s skies somewhat visible beyond the Great Gate were still tenaciously dyed
in that ominous shade of blood.
208 | P a g e

Sword Art Online Vol. 15 – Alicization Invading
Chapter 17 –Dark Territory

As though denying that sight, a pure white camp curtain was stretched out in the
middle of the Human Empire Defense Army‟s camp site—the meadow used as a
landing field for flying dragons in the day. Below the Axiom Church‟s flag that
fluttered up high before it were roughly thirty people with grim looks from the
integrity knights and Defense Army‟s commanding officers.
Alice stopped her feet in slight surprise upon noticing the knights were not
separated from the soldiers.
The integrity knights, clad in shining silver armor, and the commanding officers,
wearing steel armor that lost in beauty but possessed a sufficiently high priority
level nonetheless, were engaged in a heated discussion with each holding a glass of
siral water in hand. Roundabout etiquette seemed completely eliminated from their
exchange when she pricked up her ears.
“Not bad for a rushed, jumbled gathering, right, lil‟ miss?”
A low voice suddenly sounded out from her side and Alice turned to look in a
fluster.
With both hands stuck into the bosom of his eastern styled clothes, Knight
Commander Bercouli interrupted Alice‟s bow with a gesture and continued.
“We aren‟t having any of those troublesome niceties in this Defense Army. Luckily,
there‟s no line like „The masses must pay plenty of respect to the knights before
speaking‟ in the Taboo Index, you see.”
“I-I see… Though I do believe that to be truly splendid, let us put that aside and…”
Alice turned her sight back towards the war council.
“—Where are the other integrity knights? As far as I can see, there are only ten or so
there.”
“Unfortunately, that‟s all of them.”
“Ee… eeh!?”

209 | P a g e

Sword Art Online Vol. 15 – Alicization Invading
Chapter 17 –Dark Territory

Holding down her voice that became shrill against her wishes with her palm, Alice
looked up at the knight commander who had put a slight grimace on.
“That… could not be. Including myself, are there not thirty-one in the Order?”
That would be what the name given to Eldrie the newest integrity knight in Sacred
Tongue, thirty-one, indicated.
Well, that‟s right; Bercouli replied with a sigh mingled in and brought his voice
down even further.
“You know too, don‟t you, lil‟ miss? Chief Elder Chudelkin performed that
treatment called «readjustment» on those knights with potential problems in their
memories. When he died, the seven knights who were undergoing readjustment in
the Chamber of Elders have yet to wake.”
“……!”
She could not help but to widen her eyes. Taking his sight off Alice then, Bercouli
continued in a voice that sound all the more unpleased.
“The only ones who knew the incantation for readjustment were Chudelkin and the
Highest Minister. Now that both of them have died, we can only take the time to
analyze the art to awaken those seven, and we don‟t have that time now. There was
a knight who was just frozen asleep rather than in readjustment, and we did
succeed there, but…”
Sensing the knight commander‟s answer becoming evasive, she asked.
“Who might that person be?”
“…Scheta the «Silent».”
“……!”
Though they had never met in person and she knew nothing more than several
anecdotes, Alice swallowed her breath at that name. Those tales were truly
horrifying.
210 | P a g e

Sword Art Online Vol. 15 – Alicization Invading
Chapter 17 –Dark Territory

Still, Bercouli coughed as though saying to leave that topic for later and continued
his explanation on their war potential.
“…In other words, that means we have twenty-four integrity knights awake now.
Four are staying back to manage the cathedral and capital and four are serving as
guards at the mountain range at the edge. Subtracting them, we have sixteen…
that‟s the most we can sink into his absolute line of defense. Of course, that‟s with
both you and I, lil‟ miss.”
“Sixteen… you say?”
She bit her lips and held back the “just” that she almost added.
Not to mention, after confirming the lineup one by one, over half of the fourteen
present were low ranking knights without sacred tools—that was, without the
armament full control art. They were stalwart knights capable of slaughtering a
hundred or two goblins in a sword fight, but she could not hope for the explosive
power needed to turn the tides of a battle from them.
Bercouli altered his tone and spoke to Alice who kept silent.
“By the way, about caring for that youngling… if you need me to, I can ask the rear
guard unit to…”
“Ah… no, I will be fine.”
Alice answered, breaking into a smile at the knight commander‟s awkward
consideration.
“There are volunteer soldiers who were his valets at the Sword Mastery Academy,
so… I had arranged for him to be placed under their care after the fighting begins.”
“Oh, that‟s good to hear. …So, how was it? Did that black-haired boy show any
response after coming into contact with those he knew?”
She wiped off her smile and quietly shook her head.
Bercouli let out a short breath before groaning with an “I see”.
211 | P a g e

Sword Art Online Vol. 15 – Alicization Invading
Chapter 17 –Dark Territory

“…Let‟s keep this between us. Honestly, I can‟t say I hadn‟t been thinking that
youngling may be the one to decide how the coming battle‟s going to go…”
Shocked, Alice looked up at the knight commander‟s face.
“Sure, he had help from his partner and you, lil‟ miss, but bringing down the Chief
Elder and the Highest Minister with a sword‟s plain ridiculous. If we were to
compare the strength of our incarnation alone, I may not even match up to him.”
“…That could not possibly…”
Though she had absolutely no intention of doubting Kirito‟s strength now after all
that, Knight Commander Bercouli‟s power of incarnation was polished over more
than two hundred years. On the other hand, Kirito was still a student yet to come of
age. Rather, putting his swordsmanship and movements aside, would it not be only
natural to judge his power of incarnation as weaker than the knight commander‟s at
least?
However, Bercouli denied Alice‟s words with conviction.
“I know what I felt when we went against each other with incarnation earlier. That
boy had accumulated actual combat experience equal to or surpassing mine.”
“Actual combat…? What do you mean by that…?”
“Literally that. Struggles with his life at stake.”
She could only reject that possibility.
The humans living in the Human Empire were protected, or rather, restrained by
the Taboo Index and the Empire Fundamental Law. Even if they did have matches
with wooden swords, it was common for them to live through their entire lives
without actual combat involving one party cutting down the other‟s Life with real
swords.
The one exception, integrity knights, did experience actual combat against goblins
and dark knights attempting to invade the mountain range at the edge. Still that
was only once or twice throughout their long periods of duty, with some not even

212 | P a g e

Sword Art Online Vol. 15 – Alicization Invading
Chapter 17 –Dark Territory

encountering any; and to not mention the relatively overwhelming might of the
integrity knights made it hard for those to be truly called struggles for their lives.
On that line of thought, Bercouli would certainly be the one with the most battle
experience in the Human Empire since he had been fighting against the forces of
darkness long before the Order got to its current size. As a matter of fact, when he
had just became an integrity knight—however hard it might have been to believe—
he had suffered harshly at the hands of the dark knights in those times and fled by
the skin of his teeth.
Kirito won that Bercouli in terms of pure duration of actual combat?
Even if that was feasible, that experience would not have been from this world.
The «outside world» from whence he came. Still, that should be the land where the
gods who truly created the Underworld reside. Actual combat despite that? Exactly
who did he struggle for his life against…?
Unable to reach a satisfactory conclusion, Alice steeled her heart after brief
hesitation.
If need be, she would tell Bercouli everything. About the existence of the outside
world—and theWorld End Altar where the door towards there lay.
“…Esteemed uncle… in fact, during the battle against the Highest Minister, I…”
It was when she spoke that far, choosing her words with care.
A sharp voice suddenly echoed from behind the knight commander.
“It is time, Your Excellency.”
She turned to look at who spoke in surprise.
A single integrity knight stood there, entirely covered in light purple armor that
glimmered brilliantly even in the dusk with a silver rapier at the left of its waist.
The moment Alice saw that full-face helmet with its wings resembling those of birds
of prey, strong emotions surfaced within her chest—those were, frankly expressed,
of distaste.
213 | P a g e

Sword Art Online Vol. 15 – Alicization Invading
Chapter 17 –Dark Territory

To Alice, that was likely who she had the worst affinity with in this world. The
deputy knight commander and second among the integrity knights, Fanatio
Synthesis Two.
Making considerable effort to not wear her heart on her sleeve, Alice involuntarily
placed her right fist against the left of her chest, her left hand on her sword‟s grip,
and saluted as a knight should.
Facing her, Fanatio performed the same as well as her armor rang out. However,
unlike Alice who stood upright with her legs slightly apart, Fanatio balanced her
weight on her right foot and lowered her left shoulder into a lithe posture.
This person is simply helpless… or so Alice muttered to herself inside as she
lowered her hand.
Though Fanatio likely thought she was hiding it with her armor and rigid tone, to
one from the same gender, those were not enough to erase the scent of Fanatio‟s
feminine demeanor, distinct as that of large flowers. And that was a «technique»
Alice could never comprehend since she was brought to the cathedral as a child.
Deputy Knight Commander Fanatio fought Kirito and Eugeo on the fiftieth floor of
the cathedral, and suffered wounds that placed her on the verge of death after a
direct hit from Kirito‟s armament full control art. However, Kirito had performed
healing arts on her who he defeated with much trouble and even teleported her
through some mysterious art, or so Alice had heard from the low ranking knights
who were present there.
Though she thought it was very much like Kirito to do so, she could still not come to
terms with it.
In the first place, despite thinking of the world of Knight Commander Bercouli,
Fanatio had four low ranking knights, who adored her, placed as her own
subordinates. Did she feel no pity for their futile yearning? She could, at least, show
her face instead of covering it with that helmet all day long.
And right as Alice wandered through those thoughts tinged with just a little
jealousy, Fanatio grasped the sides of her helmet with both hands, astonishing her.
214 | P a g e

Sword Art Online Vol. 15 – Alicization Invading
Chapter 17 –Dark Territory

She unclasped it with clicks and carelessly pulled the light purple armor off. Her
glossy black hair that sprang out gleamed like silk in the lanterns‟ light.
She saw Fanatio‟s bare skin in the cathedral only if they met by coincidence in the
large bath. As far as she could recall, this would be the first time the deputy knight
commander had stripped off her helmet in public.
She stared at her beautiful features that had seemed somewhat softer compared to
previously and understood why. Though pale, her full lips were tinted with rouge.
Cosmetics, on her who tried so hard to conceal her femininity—?
Fanatio showed a gentle smile towards Alice who stood speechless.
“It has really been a while, hasn‟t it, Alice? I‟m so glad to see you have been in good
health.”
“……”
[Really]? [So]?
It took another three seconds before Alice found it in herself to return the greeting.
“It… it has been a while, deputy commander.”
“I wouldn‟t mind you calling me Fanatio. More importantly, Alice, I happened to
overhear a little earlier, but… it appears you have brought that boy with black hair
with you?”
Alice put her astonishment aside at those offhand words and replaced it with a
growing wariness.
Though Kirito and Cardinal, the sage, were the one who healed Fanatio‟s injuries,
she might not have known. It would not be odd if her resentment and hatred
towards Kirito who had defeated her had grown.
“Ye… yes.”
The deputy knight commander showed a sweet smile and nodded at Alice‟s curt
answer.
215 | P a g e

Sword Art Online Vol. 15 – Alicization Invading
Chapter 17 –Dark Territory

“I see. Then, could I please meet with him for a little while after the war council?”
“…Why, Fanatio-dono?”
“There‟s no need to frown so. I don‟t have any intention of cutting down that boy
after all this time.”
Stifling the bit of bitterness that had snuck into her smile, Fanatio shrugged her
shoulders.
“I simply wanted to say a word of thanks. For tending to me after I suffered those
fatal wounds.”
“…So you knew? Still, I believe there is no need for you to express your gratitude to
Kirito. I had heard the one who had actually healed you, deputy commander, was
the previous highest minister, a person named Cardinal. And she had…
unfortunately passed away in the battle half a year ago.”
After Alice spoke with a little of her strength slipping from her shoulders, Fanatio‟s
eyes slowly turned towards the sky and she nodded.
“Yes… I do remember faintly. It was the first time I had felt such warm and
powerful healing arts. But it was Kirito who had sent me to her and besides… I wish
to thank him regarding a different matter.”
“A different matter…?”
“Yes. —For fighting and defeating me, you see.”
…So she did have the intention of cutting Kirito?
Fanatio shook her head with an earnest expression towards Alice who took half a
step back.
“This is how I truly feel. After all, that boy was the only man to fight me seriously
even after realizing I am female in the many years I had lived as an integrity
knight.”
“Huh…? What do you… mean by…”
216 | P a g e

Sword Art Online Vol. 15 – Alicization Invading
Chapter 17 –Dark Territory

“I had fought without this helmet hiding my face in the past like you do. But I
noticed then. That they would turn a little more timid with their swords against me;
not only male knights who I faced in mock battles, but even dark knights in fights
with our lives at stake. Going easy on me because of my gender is worse humiliation
than being defeated and made to grovel on the ground.”
Was that not unavoidable, though? There should be barely any men capable of
ignoring Fanatio‟s fragrant allure with her face exposed.
Though she only understood after staying at the outskirts of Rulid, females hardly
ever assumed sacred tasks that required them to hold a sword in most of the
Human Empire. The exceptions were limited to the children of nobles and feudal
lords which meant the common woman basically had no choice but to marry, take
care of the housework, and give birth to children.
It would be an ironic affair if that aged tradition bound the hearts of men in a
manner similar to the Taboo Index. The prejudice that women ought to be
protected by men must have dulled their swords before Fanatio‟s beautiful looks.
The dark knights living in the Dark Territory must have been no exception either as
long as they sought to marry and raise children. Though the demi-humans such as
goblins or orcs might judge her differently with their completely different
appearances.
However, despite being a female knight as well, Alice had never paid attention to
male knights growing timid or anything of that sort. She was convinced her
strength surpassed her opponents‟ whether they went easy or exerted themselves
against her.
—Was that anger not evidence that you were bothered by your femininity yourself?
Just as Alice thought so, Fanatio muttered the exact same thing.
“—I had hid my face and voice with this helmet, and learnt consecutive sword
techniques in order to distance myself from my enemies. But that was because I
was bound by my own gender, wasn‟t it? Not only did that boy see through that
immediately, he came slashing at me with all his might. I had exhausted all of my
sword techniques and arts against him, and lost. When Cardinal-sama salvaged my
217 | P a g e

Sword Art Online Vol. 15 – Alicization Invading
Chapter 17 –Dark Territory

life and I regained my consciousness, that meaningless obsession had vanished
from my being… That is, I only had to become strong enough; strong enough to
force my opponents to not go easy on me. It isn‟t all so strange for me to want to say
a word of thanks to that boy who made me notice that simple truth and let me live,
is it?”
After saying so with a serious expression, Fanatio suddenly broke into a teasing
smile.
“Besides… I am a little offended. Over how that boy felt nothing for me as a female
with my helmet off. So, I am thinking of trying out various means to see if I can
wake that boy up.”
“Wha…”
What nonsense are you suggesting?
If Kirito woke from that, exactly what would that make of all her effort thus far?
And she could not even say with certainty that the possibility was zero in regards to
Kirito.
Without any attempt to conceal how grim the space between her eyebrows was
becoming, Alice replied in a sharp tone.
“I appreciate your words, but he is currently resting in the tent. I will personally see
that your thoughts are conveyed to him, Fanatio-dono.”
“Oh dear.”
The area around deputy knight commander‟s eyes twitched.
“I will require your permission to meet with the boy? Back at the cathedral, I
believe I hadn‟t ever refused your requests to meet with His Excellency, the knight
commander, when he was at work due to my personal feelings?”
“With regards to that, I believe your permission is not required either for me to
meet with esteemed uncle, Fanatio-dono. To begin with, now that I think about it,
would he not serve just fine if you desired to be beaten black and blue by a male
knight?”
218 | P a g e

Sword Art Online Vol. 15 – Alicization Invading
Chapter 17 –Dark Territory

“Oh my, let‟s leave His Excellency out of this. He is the world‟s strongest knight, so
it is only natural he goes easy whoever he faces. After all, he even spared the dark
general.”
“Oh, really now? He was always serious to the point of becoming drenched in sweat
during practice with me, however?”

219 | P a g e

Sword Art Online Vol. 15 – Alicization Invading
Chapter 17 –Dark Territory

“…Your Excellency! Is what she said true!?”
“In the first place, it‟s because you always pamper this person that…!”
Alice and Fanatio turned towards their sides as one.
However, the knight commander was no longer present there.
Only a lump of dried grass tumbled by along where Bercouli had certainly stood
minutes ago.
The war council began at six in the evening with a rather strained atmosphere due
to the spirit exuded from Deputy Knight Commander Fanatio Synthesis Two who
served as the facilitator and Integrity Knight Alice Synthesis Thirty who recently
joined the battle.
After briefly introducing herself, Alice threw herself onto a chair prepared on the
front row.
“…Alice-sama.”
Snatching the cup of siral water Eldrie who sat beside offered, she drained the cold,
sweet and sour liquid in a single gulp. Taking in a deep breath, she somehow
managed to move on.
—Still.
There truly were few high ranking integrity knights possessing sacred tools. The
only ones she knew the name and face of well were the knight commander, «Time
Piercing Sword» Bercouli, «Heaven Piercing Sword» Fanatio, «Frost Scale Whip»
Eldrie, and «Conflagrant Flame Bow» Deusolbert.
Them aside, Scheta Synthesis Twelve, with the alias of «Silent», and Renri
Synthesis Twenty-seven, an extremely young male knight, both held sacred tools,
but it was effectively her first time meeting them, so she did not even know what
their techniques were. At any rate, those members made up the seven high ranking
knights when included with «Fragrant Olive» Alice.
221 | P a g e

Sword Art Online Vol. 15 – Alicization Invading
Chapter 17 –Dark Territory

The remaining nine were the low ranking knights with no sacred tool, including the
«Four Oscillation Blades» under Fanatio. Moreover, the young female apprentice
knights who committed such dreadful mischief that even Bercouli had trouble
dealing with them, Linel Synthesis Twenty-eight and Fizel Synthesis Twenty-nine,
were around too. They were currently sitting obediently in the corner, but could
they truly be let out on the battlefield?
At any rate, those mere sixteen were all that the Order of the Integrity Knights
could put into this absolute line of defense.
On the other hand, roughly thirty commanding officers from the Human Empire
Defense Army attended. Though their morale was not low, the difference between
the integrity knights‟ prowess with the sword and theirs was obvious even in a
single glance. It went without saying for the high ranking knights like Alice, but
even the low ranking knights had more than enough strength to defeat the thirty of
them in continuous matches…
“—We have considered numerous plans over these four months…”
Fanatio‟s voice started without Alice knowing and it pulled her focus back.
“To sum things up, it will be difficult to drive back the enemy army‟s combined
offensive with our current fighting strength and we will lose all chance at victory the
moment they lay siege to us.”
Fanatio knocked against a point on the map set up farther in the war council with
the Heaven Piercing Sword‟s narrow and long scabbard as a replacement for a
pointer.
“As you can see, there is nothing but grass and rock for ten kilol from this side of
the mountain range at the edge. If they push us this far, we will only be surrounded
and annihilated by the enemy army of fifty thousand. As such, we must settle the
battle in this gorge that leads to the Great East Gate, measuring a hundred mel in
width and a thousand mel in length. We will spread troops in layers, and focus
entirely on engaging them and shaving down their numbers. This will be the basic
principle of our strategy. Does anyone have any opinions to voice out so far?”
222 | P a g e

Sword Art Online Vol. 15 – Alicization Invading
Chapter 17 –Dark Territory

Eldrie was the one whose hand quickly went up. Standing up as his light purple hair
wavered, the young man questioned with his usual vanity restrained.
“If the enemy army comprises only the goblins and orcs, we will cut them down
even if there are fifty or a hundred thousand of them. However, even they are aware
of that. There are powerful groups of ogres equipped with longbows as well as the
dark arts user guild which exceeds them in danger. What countermeasures do we
have against long range attacks fired from behind their infantry?”
“This may be a risky gamble…”
Fanatio‟s lips paused for a moment and she glanced towards Alice. She listened to
the words that continued while unthinkingly straightening her back.
“…No sunlight reaches the bottom of the gorge even in midday and no grass grows
on its ground. In other words, there is sparse sacred power in the air. If we
thoroughly exhaust that before the battle begins, it stands to reason that the enemy
army will not be able to launch any powerful arts.”
The knights and commanding officers stirred at Fanatio‟s daring idea.
“Naturally, the same applies to us. However, we have no more than a hundred or so
sacred arts users in the first place. In a fight between arts, the enemy‟s consumption
of sacred power should be far above us.”
That might certainly be true. Still—there were two problems in Fanatio‟s strategy.
It was the bow user, Deusolbert, who sought permission to speak in place of the
stunned Eldrie. The senior knight calmly asked with his body clad in reddishcopper armor.
“I understand, your words are quite right, Deputy Commander-dono. However,
sacred arts are not used solely for offense. If sacred power dries up, wouldn‟t we be
unable to even heal the Life of anyone hurt?”
“That is why I called it a gamble. We have brought as many of the high grade
catalysts and medication as we could from the cathedral‟s treasury to this camp site.

223 | P a g e

Sword Art Online Vol. 15 – Alicization Invading
Chapter 17 –Dark Territory

If we restrict to using only healing arts and supplement that with medicine, the
catalysts alone should last two… no, three days.”
The surprised cries this time were louder than before. The Central Cathedral‟s
treasury was known for such strict security that that itself served as the subject for
fairy tales. Treasures may be brought in, but this could well be the first time in
history for things to be brought out.
It rendered even the great knight into silence, a grim expression tinged with
surprise on his face. Waiting as Deusolbert took his seat with a low groan, Alice
then stood up.
“There is still another problem, Fanatio-dono.”
Forgetting the earlier quarrel for the time being, she threw out the second problem
at hand.
“Though you say the blessings of Solus and Terraria are faint, the gorge is neither
devoid of light nor separated from the earth. I believe a massive amount of sacred
power has accumulated there over the many years. What, exactly, could fully use up
that power in the short period before the battle?”
Though the chasm through the mountain range was more narrow than the
grasslands spreading out behind the camp site, it still had a width of a hundred mel
and a length of a thousand mel. Exhausting the sacred power filling that expansive
space in an instant would require hundreds of arts users simultaneously casting
high ranking arts, but Fanatio herself had mentioned earlier that the Defense Army
lacked that many arts users.
Another possibility would be to exhaust the sacred power by using a grand largescale art comparable to natural disasters, but it seemed the only two possessing
such power would be the deceased Highest Minister Administrator and Sage
Cardinal.
However, the deputy knight commander shook her head strongly while staring at
Alice with her golden brown eyes.
“No, we do. We do have one person capable of making that a reality.
224 | P a g e

Sword Art Online Vol. 15 – Alicization Invading
Chapter 17 –Dark Territory

“……One person…?”
Alice scanned through the faces of the Defense Army as she muttered.
However, the name that came from Fanatio immediately after was beyond her
expectations.
“You, Alice Synthesis Thirty.”
“Eh…!?”
“You may not have noticed, but your current strength exceeds that of integrity
knights. You should be capable of it as you are now… the true power of the gods, to
split the skies and tear the earth asunder.”
7
“Are the high ranking integrity knights all that powerful?”
Gabriel Miller asked while shaking atop a large tank—which was simply a fourwheeled, rectangular vehicle without any cannons or treads—pulled by a twoheaded monster similar to a dinosaur.
Though not even the couch‟s cushioning could erase the tremors entirely, it was
nothing compared to the lethal lack of comfort he suffered so much from when
riding those Bradley infantry fighting vehicles as a soldier. The tremors only made
sloshing noises from the wine glass on the side table at worst.
Despite it being three days since leaving Obsidia Palace and a travelling time longer
than he had ever experienced in the real world, he barely felt fatigue. Not that it was
thanks to the comfort of the tank‟s seat; though it might be due to it being a virtual
world.
The young, beautiful lady slovenly sprawled at Gabriel‟s feet on the thick carpet
caressed her bandaged right leg as she nodded.
“They certainly are. Let‟s see… in this war that continued on for three hundred
years, our dark arts users and knights have never killed even a single integrity
225 | P a g e

Sword Art Online Vol. 15 – Alicization Invading
Chapter 17 –Dark Territory

knight—does that explain the circumstances? Of course, the reverse has happened
as many times as there are stars in the sky.”
“Hmm…”
Replacing Gabriel who closed his mouth, Vassago, who held onto a liquor bottle as
he sat cross-legged beside the wide cabin‟s wall, let out a doubtful voice.
“But hey, Dee sis. If those integrity knights guys are so strong, why aren‟t they
invading us?”
The head of the dark arts users, Dee Ai El, turned towards Vassago with a smile
more coy than before and raised her index finger.
“I‟m glad you asked, Vassago-sama. Though each of them is a mighty warrior that
can match a thousand, they still number only one each in the end. If ten thousand
of our troops surround them in a wide space, we could accumulate scratches on
them, little by little, and drain them of their Life, couldn‟t we? As such, they would
never leave the mountain range at the edge where there is no risk of being
surrounded regardless of how cowardly that is.”
“Ooh, I get it. So that‟s that, huh, no matter how damn hard a mob is, just poke at it
with DoT damage from a safe spot and it‟ll go down sooner or later…”
“Huh…? Mob…?”
Glaring at Vassago who got out an example that Dee, an artificial fluct light, never
could have understood, Gabriel gave a soft cough and spoke.
“Let‟s set that aside. In short, we only need to lure those integrity knights into a
sufficiently wide battlefield, and we will be able to surround and eliminate them?”
“We will, in theory. Though the number of goblin and orc sacrifices will easily
exceed ten thousand.”
Dee giggled, and then picked a fruit that appeared venomous judging from its color
from a silver cup placed on the floor and wrapped her lips in the same shade of
crimson around it as though savoring it.
226 | P a g e

Sword Art Online Vol. 15 – Alicization Invading
Chapter 17 –Dark Territory

It went without saying that Gabriel had no concern for any loss of infantry units.
Rather, he had no qualms about trading the entire army of the Dark Territory,
including Dee before his eyes, if it could crush the enemy army. In a certain sense,
this battle was no different from the tactical simulations held by the operations
research department in Glowgen Defense Systems on a daily basis.
He would walk across mountains of corpses, reign over the Human Empire as its
new ruler, and give his first and last order to its lands. Find a girl named Alice and
bring her to me. The mission in this strange world would finish then.
Arriving that thought, he felt like he would miss even this wine with its somehow
eccentric flavor.
Gabriel lifted the glass and gulped down the deep violet fluid in a single go.
At this time, the hunter of souls, Gabriel Miller, had unwittingly assimilated
«Alice»‟s appearance in the mind with that of his first victim who had a similar
name, Alicia Klingerman: chaste, young, and slender. He was convinced she lived in
a city resembling his old home of Pacific Palisades; a gentle and beautiful young
girl—who was powerless.
Hence, Gabriel had not noticed that one possibility.
It completely escaped his expectations: that the «Alice» he pursued could actually
be an integrity knight and led the enemy army.
The long files of troops behind the command vehicle flying the emperor‟s flag
slowly yet surely continued marching towards the western boundary.
The mountain ranges, protruding like a saw‟s teeth, gradually came into view
beyond the bloodstained skies.
Seventh day of the eleventh month, the fourth day since they began moving.

227 | P a g e

Sword Art Online Vol. 15 – Alicization Invading
Chapter 17 –Dark Territory

The main force of the Dark Territory army had arrived at the base of a mountain
that commanded a view of the Great Gate close to collapsing. Countless black tents
prepared by the advance party lined up around the vast plateau.
Thump-thump.
Thump-thump.
The low bass that shook the ground came from the war drums the giants beat.
From the roof of the command vehicle at the end, Gabriel quietly watched over the
single file of the main force spread out like countless blood cells urged on by the
deafening heartbeats.
The first regiment of the advance guard, a battalion of goblin light infantry and orc
heavy infantry, summed up to a fifteen thousand. They formed a column that
snugly fitted into the gorge piercing through the mountain range at the edge. The
giants‟ massive bodies were set up in various places among the ranks like siege
towers and though they numbered fewer than five hundred, they would likely serve
well as the main tanks supporting the infantry units.
The demi-humans were followed behind by the second regiment: the five thousand
from the pugilist guild and another, likewise, five thousand from the Order of the
Dark Knights. The young knight who succeeded as the new dark general pled for the
vanguard position to wipe the disgrace of his predecessor, but Gabriel drove him
away. Expecting the entire knight unit to suffer from low morale, he decided to
eliminate that uncertain element.
The third regiment comprises seven thousand ogre archers and three thousand
women from the dark arts users guild. Their duty was to charge into the gorge
behind the infantry and annihilate the enemy troops with ranged attacks. According
to the head of the arts users, Dee, they would be able to defeat the main force of the
enemy, the integrity knights, by concentrating fire on them as long as they were
within sight.
To be perfectly honest, Gabriel had to admit he had the desire to personally attempt
a fight against those knights treated as invincible and devouring their souls.
228 | P a g e

Sword Art Online Vol. 15 – Alicization Invading
Chapter 17 –Dark Territory

However, he would lose everything with this high ranking account if there was
some unexpected incident and he could produce as many of those from the
Underworld, the artificial fluct lights, as he liked later on. His first priority now
would be to secure «Alice» and escape from the Ocean Turtle.
Eight days inside and nearly fifteen minutes outside had passed since he logged in.
To take over the entire Human Empire and pass down the order to search out Alice
would take roughly ten days. In that case, it would be best to settle this war as
quickly as possible—to end it in one whole day at most.
“Aah, so I won‟t be getting a go?”
Vassago grumbled from his side, holding yet another bottle of whisky. Glancing
over, he remonstrated in a sharp tone.
“I saw that. When that general named Shasta turned into a tornado, you left me
behind and ran straight away, didn‟t you?”
“Hehe, so you did see it after all, commander.”
Vassago broadly grinned without reserve.
“Look, I‟ve always been specializing in PvP. I‟m no good up against some monster
without a body like that.”
Gabriel did not know how serious his subordinate was with that excuse and he
stared at him briefly before curtly asking.
“Vassago, why did you volunteer for this operation?”
“By operation, you mean diving into the Underworld? Well, that‟s because it looked
fun, of course…”
“No, prior to that. The raid on the Ocean Turtle. You do work for Glowgen DS, but
you specialize only in cyber operations, don‟t you? What was your motivation for
participating in an operation that might fill you with bullet holes? From your age,
you are no war dog back from the Middle East like Hans or Brig either.”

229 | P a g e

Sword Art Online Vol. 15 – Alicization Invading
Chapter 17 –Dark Territory

While that was quite a speech for Gabriel, he naturally did not hold much interest
in the human called Vassago Casals. The question of what laid under this young
man‟s frivolous attitude simply popped into his mind.
Vassago shrugged his shoulders and replied with, “It‟s the same”.
“The answer to that is because it looked fun too, I guess.”
“Oh…?”
“If you‟re going on about that, you‟re the ridiculous one, stepping out onto the field
despite being some great elite who graduated from university. Even with your
experience in the army.”
“I prefer to get my hands dirty.”
Answering so, Gabriel muttered in his mind.
Vassago, what do you find fun? Firing guns? Or… murdering and such?
Just as he pondered on whether to question further or to cut off the conversation,
the tapping of high heels sounded out from the stairs set up behind the command
vehicle and the head of the dark arts user guild, Dee Ai El, showed herself.
She gave a respectful bow and licked her lips before reporting.
“Your Majesty, the entire army is in position.”
“Understood.”
Aside from the main force of thirty-five thousand deployed in front, there were ten
thousand reserve troops mainly consisting of goblins and orcs, and the transport
unit of five thousand from the economic guild waiting on the left and right of the
command vehicle.
This army of fifty thousand was all the military force granted to Gabriel. Hence, if
he failed to break through the enemy army‟s guard even after exhausting all of the
units, he would be forced to revise the basis of his plans. The possibility of securing
Alice would fall dramatically as well.
230 | P a g e

Sword Art Online Vol. 15 – Alicization Invading
Chapter 17 –Dark Territory

That said, the enemy army numbered three thousand at most according to the
dragon knights‟ scouting. In other words, they would not lose as long as they
eliminated the integrity knights as planned.
“Good. How long will it be until the Great Gate crumbles?”
Dee answered Gabriel‟s question with her face lowered.
“We believe it to be approximately eight hours.”
“Then the first division shall enter the gorge an hour before it collapses. Set up as
close to the Great Gate as possible and attack as one when it breaks down. If we can
break through their front, send in the second and third division and decimate the
enemy in a single assault.”
“Yes. We shall deliver the enemy generals‟ heads before the day breaks. Though it
may been burnt to a crisp by then.”
Giggling, Dee quickly conveyed orders to the messenger arts user waiting behind
and bowed deeply before descending the stairs.
Gabriel looked towards the gigantic rock gate towering in the distance from the
command vehicle‟s roof.
Though it must be over two miles away, its weight was palpable as though crushing
him from above. That gate collapsing as a whole would surely be quite a sight.
However, that would be when the true banquet begins. The releasing and
disappearing of thousands of souls would certainly be an extraordinarily beautiful
lightshow. The Rath researchers cooped up in the upper shaft of the Ocean Turtle
must regret being unable to watch this spectacle on the grandest scale that they had
scheduled from inside.
Thump-thump, thump-thump.
Thump, thum. Thump, thum.
The war drums seemed to stir up the hunger and rage emanating from the forces
numbering in the tens of thousands as their tempo accelerated.
231 | P a g e

Sword Art Online Vol. 15 – Alicization Invading
Chapter 17 –Dark Territory

8
“So… please take care of Kirito in my place.”
Alice stared at the young girls‟ faces in turn as she spoke.
They were the novice trainees, no, they were already swordswomen in their own
right; Tiezé Shtolienen and Ronye Arabel nodded with their backs straight.
“Yes, please leave him to us, Alice-sama.”
“We will be sure to keep Kirito-senpai safe.”
Answering so, Tiezé and Ronye firmly gripped the newly constructed wheelchair‟s
handles with their left and right hands respectively.
The slim chair that gleamed silver grey was transformed from an extra set of full
body armor in the stores tent via Alice‟s arts. It was lighter than the wooden
wheelchair used in Rulid and had more strength too.
That said, nothing could be done about the weight of the two swords Kirito firmly
hugged onto while seated. Though she was doubtful inside if the girls could even
move it, the pair magnificently matched their breathing and pushed the wheelchair
straight in front of Alice.
This meant they would not be slowed down even if ordered to retreat at once. At
any rate, they would be driven to retreat from the gorge only when the whole
Defense Army was certain to be surrounded and decimated.
If she were to state her true feelings, she would rather they flee west with Kirito the
very moment they saw the slightest danger in the war‟s situation. However, that
would only stall their fate for several months—no, several weeks.
If the Defense Army lost, the four knights protecting the mountain range at the
edge should retreat as well and evacuate the inhabitants of each town and village as
they made the walls of Centoria, the central capital, the final line of defense.
However, that would be futile resistance all the same. The invading army would
trample them down soon enough, and both that beautiful capital and the white
232 | P a g e

Sword Art Online Vol. 15 – Alicization Invading
Chapter 17 –Dark Territory

marble Central Cathedral would be burnt down. There was no escape within the
sealed walls of the mountain range at the edge…
Alice bent her knees and matched her eyes to Kirito‟s before peeking into them.
She had spoken to Kirito, held his hands, and hugged him whenever she found the
time in these five days since she arrived at the camp site. However, he had not
shown any proper response up to this day.
“Kirito. …This may be our final farewell.”
Forcing her smile to remain, Alice whispered to the black-haired youth.
“Esteemed uncle said you would decide how this battle goes. I believe so, too. You
were the one who formed this Defense Army, after all.”
In fact, if it was not for Kirito and Eugeo, it would be Highest Minister
Administrator and the Order of the Integrity Knights lined up at the Great East
Gate about now along with an army of that abominable sword golem.
With two or three thousands of those sword golems and their tremendous fighting
strength, the Dark Territory army of fifty thousand would be nowhere near enough.
However, that was equivalent to the Human Empire‟s downfall. Tens of thousands
of the Human Empire‟s citizen would have served as materials for the golems.
Kirito and the rest had prevented that tragedy with the sacrifice of a single life and
mind.
Still, if the Human Empire Defense Army led by Bercouli were to lose as things
went, a horrible tragedy would befall the masses nonetheless even if in a different
form.
“…I will be trying my hardest too. I will burn through this life I received from you
without a single drop remaining. So… if I were to fall and call for you with the
strength I have left, be sure to stand and draw that sword. As long as you wake up,
the number of enemies would not matter, be it thousands or tens of thousands. A
miracle will happen again and save the Human Empire… everyone. After all, you…”
—Are the strongest swordsman who defeated that Highest Minister.
233 | P a g e

Sword Art Online Vol. 15 – Alicization Invading
Chapter 17 –Dark Territory

Murmuring so in her chest, Alice reached out with both hands and firmly embraced
Kirito‟s withered body.
Releasing him after the embrace that could have lasted anything from an instant to
several minutes long, Alice stood up and noticed Ronye‟s sight, staring hard at her
while a complicated light flickered in her blue eyes. She blinked in uncertainty and
immediately realized.
“Ronye-san. You… love Kirito, don‟t you?”
Upon saying so with a smile, the petite girl covered her mouth with both hands as
she turned crimson from her cheeks to around her ears. Her eyelashes lowered and
she answered in a muffled voice.
“N-No, that‟s… I couldn‟t possibly… I am simply his valet novice trainee, so…”
You could, certainly. You are the heiress of a family holding peerage, aren‟t you,
Ronye-san? I was born in a remote, small village and I do not even know where
Kirito came from…”
Ronye suddenly shook her head violently as she interrupted Alice‟s words.
“That‟s not it! I… I…”
Large drops gathered in Ronye‟s eyes as her voice broke off and Tiezé gently
supported her with her right hand. Her eyes in the colors of autumn were wet as
well and she began speaking in a quavering voice.
“Alice-sama… do you know of the taboo Kirito-senpai and Eugeo-senpai
committed?”
“Ye… yes. I heard there was a dispute in the academy… and that they murdered
another student.”
Alice still recalled the significant shock from the arrest order she received from the
Chamber of the Elders half a year ago as an ignorant vanguard of the Axiom
Church. An unthinkable taboo like murdering another student in the academy in
the capital was unheard of even in the history books of the church.
234 | P a g e

Sword Art Online Vol. 15 – Alicization Invading
Chapter 17 –Dark Territory

Alice nodded and Tiezé continued her questions.
“Then… have you heard about why they had committed that taboo…?”
“No… I haven‟t…”
A single abrupt shout re-emerged from the depths of her ears the moment she
shook her head.
It was immediately after she was thrown out the cathedral‟s walls with Kirito, those
words he shouted at Alice when she screamed that she did not require help from a
criminal…
[—The Taboo Index doesn‟t forbid it, so the upper class nobles can do as they please
with girls that didn‟t even commit a single crime, like Ronye and Tiezé… do you
honestly believe that‟s forgivable?!]
That was it. I heard the names of this pair back then.
The “upper classman” must have referred to the student Kirito cut down. And as for
“do as they please”—
Before Alice who opened her eyes widely, Tiezé‟s voice shook as it began to speak.
“…Elite swordsmen-in-training Raios Antinous and Humbert Zizek had repeatedly
given humiliating orders to our friend, Novice Trainee Frenica Szeski. We protested
against them, but used words considered insolent in our indignation at that time.
As such, through the nobles‟ punishment authority based on the Empire
Fundamental Law…”
It must be difficult just remembering what occurred after that. Tiezé‟s voice at stuck
in her throat and Ronye let out faint sobs with her head down.
There is no need to speak any further; Alice thought so and was about to voice it
out, but the red-haired girl resumed her story with resolve.
“…Kirito-senpai and Eugeo-senpai raised their swords to save us from that difficult
punishment. If only I had been a little wiser, that incident would not have
happened. They would not have fought against the church to reform the law and no
235 | P a g e

Sword Art Online Vol. 15 – Alicization Invading
Chapter 17 –Dark Territory

one would have died. We… have committed an unredeemable crime. So… we have
no right to say we love them even if we had to forfeit our mouths…”
Upon speaking out all that she harbored, tears finally flowed from Tiezé‟s eyes as
well. The young girls embraced each other tight and let out forlorn weeps filled with
regrets far too heavy for their age.
Alice grinded her teeth hard as she looked up towards the small window that
supplied light.
She thought she knew the rampant depravity of the four empires‟ nobles. Gluttony,
hoarding, and debauchery.
Still, Integrity Knight Alice had once thought she would be contaminated if she
knew too much and averted her eyes from the nobles‟ actions. Whatever they did, it
was of no concern while it was no taboo—after all, she was summoned from the
Celestial World to guard the law. She had continued believing in that.
However, turning a deaf ear was sin in itself. What Kirito detested, what the Taboo
Index was unconcerned with, a truly abhorrent sin. Compared to herself who had
done nothing, the two girls before her eyes had several times as much mettle.
Alice took in a deep breath and spoke in a forceful tone.
“No, you are wrong. The two of you are not at fault.”
The one who immediately raised her face was Ronye. Despite her impression of her
always hiding in Tiezé‟s shadow, the girl cried out this one time with a strong light
in her eyes.
“You would not understand, Alice-sama… you would not understand as an
honorable integrity knight, Alice-sama! Those men had done as they liked with our
bodies and stained our pride with sin!”
“Your body is no more than where your heart resides.”
She firmly knocked her right fist against the center of her chest as she replied so.

236 | P a g e

Sword Art Online Vol. 15 – Alicization Invading
Chapter 17 –Dark Territory

“The heart… the soul is what truly matters. And you are the only one to decide how
your soul is.”
Alice lowered her eyelids and focused her awareness within herself.
Roughly two weeks ago, Alice had regained her lost right eye through the power of
her heart—of incarnation, in other words—during that assault on Rulid Village. She
had personally experienced how a strong, earnest wish could change the flesh
without reliance on arts.
Still, that alone would not suffice now. She had to change not just her flesh, but the
clothing on her body with the power of incarnation.
It should be possible. Had she not seen Kirito do it once before? When he went up
against Highest Minister Administrator with two swords, he had changed into a
long overcoat made from black leather from some other land utterly unlike his
clothes until then.
Return. To the Alice before she woke up in that unfamiliar pure white tower and
shut away her heart within thick ice to drown out the unease and desolation of her
lost memories.
—I am the same as you, Ronye, Tiezé. I was born as a human, made many mistakes,
shouldered heavy sins, and now stand here. You can claim Kirito and Eugeo‟s
murder to be your fault… but if I had not forgotten about the taboos and not
touched the Dark Territory‟s earth, they would not have even aimed for the capital
in the first place.
Yes, that is my sin. Even without those memories, Alice Schuberg is no stranger,
but who I once was. Those days in Rulid had taught me that.
Even with her eyes shut, she knew the white, warm light had enveloped her body.
Alice slowly lifted her eyelids.
As her face looked down, what she first saw was the skirt she was wearing.
However, it was not dyed in the pure white of the Axiom Church, but a clear blue
like the autumn skies.
237 | P a g e

Sword Art Online Vol. 15 – Alicization Invading
Chapter 17 –Dark Territory

Atop the skirt was a plain apron. The golden armor and gauntlets were gone. When
she touched her head with her hand, her fingertips brushed against a large ribbon.
Her hair seemed a little shorter.
Raising her face, her eyes met with Ronye and Tiezé‟s while they were shocked into
silence.
“…See? Your body and appearance depends merely on your heart.”
Of course, this transformation did not last forever. She would likely return to her
original knight look the moment her mental concentration faltered. Still, the girls
should understand now. How Alice, Kirito, and Eugeo thought.
“No one can sully your heart. This is how I should have grown up, born in that
remote village. But when I was eleven, I was taken to the capital as a criminal and
became an integrity knight with my memories erased by an art. I once cursed that
fate of mine…”

238 | P a g e

Sword Art Online Vol. 15 – Alicization Invading
Chapter 17 –Dark Territory

What Alice spoke of was a huge secret known by only Knight Commander Bercouli
aside from herself. However, she believed these two could handle it and continued
her words.
“But… I had things I could do, things that I should do; Kirito taught me that. That is
why I will not waver any longer. I decided that I will accept myself and move on.”
Raising both hands, Alice gripped Ronye‟s and Tiezé‟s hands with strength.
“You are the same. You have a wide, long, straight road that belongs to you alone.”
Drops of water splashed onto their held hands.
The tears along the girls‟ cheeks seemed completely different from before, gleaming
beautifully with iridescent light.
Pulling Kirito who sat on the wheelchair into one last strong embrace, Alice
entrusted him to Ronye and Tiezé, and left the tent.
Eldrie immediately ran towards her as though he had been lying in wait and sang
her praises.
“Oh, what beauty… it is as if Solus‟s radiance had focused onto your being… you are
simply at your finest, my master, Alice-sama…”
“It will be smeared with dirt within an hour of the battle, anyway.”
She glanced down at herself while bluntly responding.
The transformation phenomenon earlier was already gone, and her golden
breastplate and pure white skirt dazzled in the sunlight. She looked up towards the
western skies while thinking about adding sky-blue cloth to it somewhere if she
came back alive.
Solus had already begun its descent. It would be roughly three hours before it
vanished over the horizon? The Great East Gate would have its Life extinguish then.
The seal of three hundred years would unravel at last.
She did what she could.
240 | P a g e

Sword Art Online Vol. 15 – Alicization Invading
Chapter 17 –Dark Territory

Alice was added to the Defense Army‟s training through these five days and she
thought the soldiers‟ skills were polished well in just this half year. What surprised
her was how all of them had learnt the consecutive sword techniques absent from
the traditional styles.
When she asked, it seemed Deputy Knight Commander Fanatio had generously
taught the techniques she had polished over the many years. Though three hits was
apparently their maximum, it should serve as a reassuring weapon against the
goblins and orcs who wave around machetes according to their instincts.
Of course, the presence of the dark knights with their own consecutive techniques
would be too much for the soldiers. The integrity knights would have to take over
then, including against the pugilists who possessed even quicker consecutive
attacks.
Most crucial would be to hold back the battalions of demi-humans who would
march in after the battle began. Next would be to endure the ogres‟ longbows and
the dark arts users‟ ranged offensive arts with as little casualties as possible.
The outcome of the operation lay entirely on Alice‟s shoulders—
Pulling her sight back down from the skies, she saw the numerous columns of
smoke from the supply unit behind cooking the final meal. She should soon meet
up with Ronye, Tiezé, and Kirito, who they would bring along, there.
She would protect them. No matter what.
“Alice-sama, it is about time for…”
Nodding at Eldrie‟s voice, Alice drew back a foot to turn about.
However, she stopped that foot there and stared at her one and only disciple.
“…W-What is it?”
Gazing at the young knight blinking with hesitation, Alice relaxed her pursed lips
just a little.
“…You have served me well all this while, Eldrie.”
241 | P a g e

Sword Art Online Vol. 15 – Alicization Invading
Chapter 17 –Dark Territory

“Yes… w-what!?”
She gently placed her right hand at his left hand, while he stood dumbfounded, and
continued.
“It has been a relief having you by my side. You requested guidance from me,
without any real achievement to my name, instead of a senior male knight like
Deusolbert… in consideration for my heart, didn‟t you?”
“Not… nothing of that sort, I am above such insolence! I merely held great
admiration for the magnificence of Alice-sama‟s swordsmanship in the innermost
depths of my heart…”
Alice gripped Eldrie‟s hand while he vehemently shook his head as he denied,
released it, and smiled again.
“I had continued down that bleak journey to reach today only with your support.
Thank you, Eldrie.”
Large tear drops welled up all of a sudden in the speechless young knight‟s eyes.
“…..Alice-sama… why… do you speak only of the past?”
His hoarse voice asked.
“Why do you speak as though your journey will end in this land, Alice-sama? I… I
have barely learnt enough from you yet. I am still nowhere close to your level in
both the sword and arts. You must continue to train and guide me from now on as
well…!”
Right before her quivering, extended right hand reached herself—
Alice switched suddenly into a stern shout.
“Integrity knight, Eldrie Synthesis Thirty-one!”
“Ye… yes!”
The knight stood at attention with his hand frozen in position.
242 | P a g e

Sword Art Online Vol. 15 – Alicization Invading
Chapter 17 –Dark Territory

“I shall give you my final command as your master. Survive. Survive and see peace
arrive with your own eyes, and take them back. Your true life and those you truly
love.”
The «memory fragments» belonging to all of the integrity knights aside from Alice
and their «loved ones» were still sealed on the top floor of the cathedral even now.
There must be a method to return them to how they should be.
Nodding towards Eldrie who still stood straight while silently shedding tears, Alice
rapidly turned about. Her golden hair and pure white skirt cut through the cold
autumn air.
She saw the vast gorge sunken in dim darkness and the Great East Gate straight
before her eyes.
Alice would now begin chanting an extremely large-scale sacred art for the first
time. She would condense the sacred power filling the gorge‟s air to inflict a hard
blow on the enemy army.
If she made a single mistake in the art—no, if her focus strayed for the slightest bit,
the converged sacred art would explode and probably erase Alice‟s existence
without a trace.
However, she no longer felt fear. She had spent a fulfilling five days with Bercouli,
Fanatio, and Eldrie as an integrity knight, and lived with her little sister, Selka, for
half a year as Alice of Rulid.
And above all, she had discovered her human emotions—sorrow, anger, and even
love—by meeting Eugeo and Kirito, and crossing swords sincerely interacting with
them.
She hoped for nothing more.
Sharp noises rang out from Alice‟s armor as she advanced straight towards the
center of the Defense Army, one step after another, awaiting the start of the war.

(To Be Continued)
243 | P a g e

Sword Art Online Vol. 15 – Alicization Invading
Afterword

Afterwordi
Hello everyone, I’m Kawahara. Now I am writing this chapter of content in a
violently anxious mood. The reason is that I went under the condition of forgetting to
write an afterword for several days!
Ah— Now, back to business. Thank you everyone for reading «Sword Art Online 15:
Alicization Invading>>.
In the last book «Uniting», the big boss of the Church, the Highest Minister
Administrator, was defeated, but ―to be continued‖ was written at the end for some
reason, so exactly what happened next— is what happened now… Our story left the
cage of the Human Empire and moved to the boundless Dark Territory. The Ocean
Turtle that Asuna and the others in the real world are in also suffered an attack, and
Kikuoka changed from his bathrobe to a Hawaiian shirt and various developments
like that…
Under these circumstances, the next book is finally planned to begin the war between
the Human Empire Defense Army and the Dark Territory. The Alicization chapter
that began with Volume 9 has gradually entered its climax; everyone, please continue
to look after me in the future!

Regarding personal happenings, I, along with my illustrator abec-san, attended
America’s largest anime convention «Anime Expo» as guests together. Although it
was my first time in Los Angeles (only my second time traveling to America, so to
speak), the city and convention center were huge! Also, the enthusiasm from anime
fans from all over America that covered the entire convention center was really
surprising!
Of course, thank you very much to the all of the SAO enthusiasts who were able to
come. At the same time, I realized again everyone’s supportive kindness in the ten
years since the work that was going to be named SAO was brought up to today, from
the web era to Dengeki Bunko, and anime adaptations and game adaptations.
By the time this book is published, the airing of the second season of the television
anime should have already begun. Paralleling with the first season, it has the «World
of Guns» as its stage, but from Supervising to all of the workers and voice actors,

Sword Art Online Vol. 15 – Alicization Invading
Afterword

everyone will fully show the style of gunfights, and the characteristics of SAO, which
remain unchanged despite this circumstance. I again ask everyone to please support
the anime version.

Time’s just about up so I’ll make my words of gratitude simple! abec-san, who
displayed the charm of new characters constantly taking the stage in this volume,
Miki-san, who came to LA with me as my editor, Tsuchiya-san, who took on the role
of a guard and served as deputy editor in Japan while we were away, and everyone
who has read to this point, thank you very much!

A certain day in July 2014, Reki Kawahara

Credits:
Translation –Tap
Compiled - BlackHeart

i

defan752,

93 | P a g e

